**Andrew Mason at Startup School SV 2014-uX9ldi32Xnc.mp4**

\[00:00:02\] That was a really good intro for making it up just then. It
definitely sounded like that like it was bad in the way jazz is bad.

\[00:00:10\] Well you\'re you\'re dodging the question of that wonderful
music we\'re just listening tail from your album hardly workin. Please
check it out. It\'s awesome. It\'s on iTunes you can buy it. I\'m not
sure what song was that that was.

\[00:00:27\] Look no further. Yeah. And it\'s about how you can find.

\[00:00:33\] You don\'t need to be reading like business books or
anything like that in order to learn how to be great at business. You
can find beauty in witnessing the birth of an octopus for example or
other such natural wonders.

\[00:00:47\] I had specifically requested risin apostrophe above the
pack because that\'s my favorite. But anyway that\'s one of my favorites
Sam. Right.

\[00:00:57\] Thank you for coming. I\'d love to spend a few minutes
before we get into Groupon. I know the audience is probably excited to
hear about Groupon but to hear about before Groupon you started a
company called The point I\'d love to hear a little bit about that
specifically.

\[00:01:14\] Like just just how you came up with the idea and what went
wrong with it why it didn\'t work.

\[00:01:22\] You know how you got started that kind of thing because it
led to Groupon and led to Groupon. So I think it\'s this an awkward
looking way to sit in a chair. I feel extremely awkward. Kathleen back
that\'s for sure.

\[00:01:35\] So maybe just you do look a little uncomfortable.

\[00:01:40\] OK so so I had the idea for this website called the point
when I was a grad student at University of Chicago in public policy and
the idea was it was going to be the social platform that would that
would allow people to come together in order organize to either take
some kind of collective action or give money toward something but only
once they hit a tipping point of participation that got everybody to
that everybody knew that their effort would be worthwhile.

\[00:02:10\] So it\'s kind of like a precursor to things like
Kickstarter and others.

\[00:02:16\] Indigo Yeah. And why did you guys fund them. No she spoke
today.

\[00:02:22\] Oh OK. Right. Fabulous talk.

\[00:02:26\] So so so I had been a developer before I went back to grad
school and.

\[00:02:33\] And somebody that I had worked with heard about the idea
through a mutual acquaintance and called me up one day and said I want
to give you a million dollars to for you to drop out of school and work
on this idea. And at the time this was 2006 I guess I didn\'t know
anything about starting a tech company we were in Chicago like I didn\'t
even I didn\'t know anything about.

\[00:02:56\] I wasn\'t really like a student of the game so to wait it
was like an inbound inbound haul. Yeah. You had William Dollar.

\[00:03:04\] I mean it wasn\'t on the phone like a bunch of things that
a bunch of things happened between the million dollars and the phone
call but the phone call was can you come to my office and pitch this
thing to me. Okay. And then a week later it was a million dollars.

\[00:03:16\] And so you really didn\'t know what you were doing at this
point in terms of starting a startup. No.

\[00:03:20\] And at later points as well it turns out.

\[00:03:27\] So so that\'s how it got started.

\[00:03:30\] So we started I guess in the beginning of 2006 launched the
point in September 2006 floundered for about a year before pivoting into
Groupon.

\[00:03:43\] So it\'s like the high level arc and I can dive in on any
of those parts that did you just get this million dollars in funding
before you did Groupon.

\[00:03:53\] No we then we then after launching the point we raised
money from NEA.

\[00:03:58\] Okay. So another like four or 5 million dollars. Okay so
you were floundering at what point did you realize like this isn\'t
working and it\'s time to do something else because I think you know we
heard a lot of advice today like you have to believe in your idea. Even
if all your friends say it stinks like at what point did you say time2.

\[00:04:19\] Yeah I mean I can tell you some low points in that period
in kind of the summer of 2007. But honestly like there was never a point
when I was like This isn\'t going to work. We started Groupon as a side
project and we\'re running at launch Groupon in about 30 days and we
were running it at the same time that we were running the point.

\[00:04:40\] And I was able to kind of shift my attention to Groupon
without ever admitting to myself that the point is like coming to that
conclusion. I think I\'m a little bit more nimble about that the sort of
decisions now in balancing the kind of resolve and stubborn stubbornness
that you need while still accepting when something\'s just not working.

\[00:05:03\] But at the time it wasn\'t so. So we just did them both at
the same time.

\[00:05:09\] There were some in that period after we launched Everyday
we\'d we\'d have maybe a thousand visitors to the Web site. And like
sometimes we would get some press or something and it would peak but it
would always come right back down and we were trying everything I
remember at one time we started trying.

\[00:05:29\] We started trying to search engine marketing and we had a
number of campaigns on the points in each one of these campaigns where
around like a social issue typically that we were trying to drive
traffic to and we thought well if we can get people to join these
campaigns then they\'ll become users and then they\'ll they\'ll spread
it and join other campaigns and this is how we can kind of get things
going. And so one there is one campaign that we found that we could get
really cheap subscribers to and it was the legalize weed campaign. And
there was a community of people that really rallied around this
particular issue. Now you know what.

\[00:06:10\] They\'re called juggalos. You don\'t Juggalos are you know
Juggalos are so Juggalos are are insane insane clown posse fans. And I
mean you shouldn\'t you should check them out on YouTube or something
like this a group of people that takes pride in being stupid and
they\'re just enormous trolls.

\[00:06:32\] So they ended up trolling not just like they did what we
wanted them to do which was which was kind of in fact the site only
instead of infecting it with joy and like you know high value customers
that we could you know sell to advertisers or something like that. It
they infected it was just trolling us. So they would go to all these
other great campaigns and just troll everybody that was joining them and
so it was awful.

\[00:07:01\] Wow.

\[00:07:02\] Did not know that Jaglom story if I think back on that time
and I think if I ever wanted to make a movie or a documentary about how
hard it was how how intense and irrational it is to build a startup I
think I would go and find the people who who quit companies like the
point in that phase or any other startup because most startups have this
phase when things just aren\'t working.

\[00:07:32\] And I can tell you at least for the point what you would
find is they were completely like rational awesome people and they were
quitting for the most awesome reasons. Like if you went back and
interviewed them they would say Andrew was insane like he had no idea
what he was doing like we were there was there was no real strategy. It
was shifting every other day. I like it. It have made perfect sense to
anyone that they told the story that those people quit. And it\'s the
people who for whatever reason didn\'t have that perfect sense that
stuck around and turned this thing into something that turned out to be
huge.

\[00:08:09\] So I don\'t know what the lesson there.

\[00:08:12\] Got to be a little bit crazy and a believer you know to be
in a startup. So let\'s talk about Groupon. You said users started it
simultaneously with the point why and how did you get the idea. Sort of
what happened.

\[00:08:27\] So the why is because it was clear to us that the point
wasn\'t working. Our investors were starting to hint that they wanted to
take their money back.

\[00:08:36\] And

\[00:08:38\] so we were just trying everything we could think of and you
know the story of how I had the idea for Groupon was just well we know
that group buying is one potential business model for this. We know that
people have been trying to do. We know that people have been trying to
do group purchasing campaigns using the points where you get a group of
people together that try to negotiate with their with a local business
in order to get a discount.

\[00:09:11\] Why don\'t we just go out and do that and why don\'t we do
like a local version of it like it was a Web site that we all liked. And
this deal a day thing really seemed really seemed compelling so. So
that\'s what we did.

\[00:09:26\] And I had a hard time getting the rest of the team excited
about doing this little like coupon side project. And I knew how to code
well enough that I could build a template for WordPress. So we built a
custom template for WordPress. We bought get your Groupon dot com. And
everyday we would have a new post and embedded in that post would be a
little widget that included all the e-commerce guts of the point. But
like the first version of the point of group online excuse me when you
when you bought a deal you would get an e-mail that said Thanks for
joining this campaign on the point. For 20 for ten for 20 at Motel Bar
or something like that. Like it was totally hacked together but it was
enough to show that it was something that people really wanted.

\[00:10:15\] And so we were just running to try to keep up with demand
pretty much from that first.

\[00:10:21\] From that first deal do you remember what the first Groupon
actually like.

\[00:10:25\] Yeah it was a a business that was in the ground floor of
our building called motel bar that that had was a bar. But they sold
pizza.

\[00:10:34\] So we did two for one pizza deal that we negotiated with
them up until the last minute it was going to be an E a local e-commerce
company that sold sports themed garter belts.

\[00:10:49\] And that wasn\'t a joke. It was it wasn\'t us trying to be
like funny.

\[00:10:53\] We had way too much of the fear of death and us to think
about being funny at that time. It was it was they were the only people
that we could convince to take us seriously.

\[00:11:07\] So you watch this and you say Wait we might be on to
something. So at what point did you realize whoa all of this is taking
off.

\[00:11:16\] Like when did it really start to go up.

\[00:11:20\] Pretty soon it was. After a couple of weeks it was clear
that it was clear that we were on to something. And.

\[00:11:30\] After a couple of months we would start doing kind of
extrapolations where projections of well if this continues this is how
big this thing is going to be and we\'d look at those numbers and all
kind of shake our heads and say there\'s no way like this would make us
the fastest growing company in history.

\[00:11:49\] And then it was.

\[00:11:52\] Yeah. So tell me.

\[00:11:54\] Like you\'re the fastest growing company in history. A
couple things I want to ask about that. First of all usually fast
growing companies are like sort of disastrous internally or having some
disasters go on internally.

\[00:12:07\] Can you talk about some of the stuff that broke within
Groupon as you\'re trying to keep up with that growth in the in the
early days. Yeah OK.

\[00:12:16\] In the early days I mean everything.

\[00:12:22\] Laughter We were I\'m trying to think of a good specific
example of something that broke.

\[00:12:32\] I mean for the first six months we were getting the way
that we were generating the actual Groupon vouchers was a FileMaker app
like we would export all the data from from the production database to a
FileMaker database and then email them through life by creating a script
that opened individual emails in mail dot app and would pause every
every 30 emails to make sure that we didn\'t crash the computer. It was
really just held together with with tape and then as we expanded
internationally I mean I don\'t know how many that the maximum number of
different platforms like completely independent technology platforms we
were on but it was maybe like 7 or 10 or something like that. So it was
a very competitive environment. And because of that and we thought that
first mover advantage made a big difference.

\[00:13:30\] So we moved very very fast and tended to push off anything
that could be pushed off.

\[00:13:39\] So first mover advantage so many people Coppedge you like
the most Koppy Web site ever. Why do you think that. What made you guys
win.

\[00:13:51\] Because it is easy to copy. I mean we built Groupon in a
month it was basically like a newsletter right. And then you have to get
people to go out and negotiate one deal a day in order to be in a city.
So getting started is not hard at all. Scaling it ended up being
difficult providing a consistently good customer experience proved to be
difficult.

\[00:14:10\] But a lot of people it\'s not hard to get started at least
so back to the scaling thing again Sorry I\'m jumping but I know you
have all these questions. Can you give any advice out there that would
be for the people out there about scaling any of their thoughts on like
what you need to be thinking about like what mistakes don\'t make it
here.

\[00:14:32\] If you\'re trying to scale a company quickly.

\[00:14:36\] Well I certainly wouldn\'t do what we did in less.

\[00:14:40\] You\'re in like I can\'t imagine your business is going to
be in a similar competitive environment to ours.

\[00:14:48\] But the reason that we we we were adding for example when
we launched in in Europe I think we went from 50 people in the first
month to a couple hundred people in the third month to 1000 people by
the 6 month or the ninth month or something like that. Like we\'re
adding people so fast that the tendons that usually form to hold a
culture together didn\'t really have time. So that\'s just one of the
costs that you incur. And it ended up making it very difficult to to
have a kind of a global value system that people just intrinsically
understood how we think about customers.

\[00:15:36\] So I would guess I\'m saying what I wouldn\'t do that we
did what we did that worked really well was we identified like a unit a
group on unit which was each city and then we came up with a playbook
that we could just rinse and repeat over and over and over again. So
when we decided we wanted to be in in 30 markets after we already had
three markets where we were working we kind of said OK we know what we
need for each market what is our org chart look like when we when we\'re
in 30 cities let\'s work backwards and start hiring. And that to some
degree we\'re thinking about it the same way at detour which is also a
local model like once we feel like we have product market fit. It\'s
gonna be a similar kind of rinse and repeat model.

\[00:16:24\] So how do you expand internationally while keeping the
culture in mind.

\[00:16:30\] Koury. How do you make sure that you don\'t measure company
company culture.

\[00:16:36\] That\'s a good question. I mean I\'m probably the wrong
person to ask because I don\'t think we really succeeded at it.

\[00:16:45\] I can tell you what I would do differently is is make sure
that the problem.

\[00:16:53\] Let me let me tell you about how we expanded and take a
step back if that\'s OK.

\[00:17:00\] We know when we announced our funding I think in 2009 9
maybe 2010 from from Excel we knew that we\'d been intentionally keeping
a low radar because we knew the business was easy easily copyable so
that was like the first time we were ever in tech crunch and we knew at
that point that everybody was going to start copying us. And that\'s
what happened. And so there was a lot of urgency to figure out our
international strategy at that point and we started off by just
interviewing people like you know executives that we would basing like
Amsterdam or London or whatever.

\[00:17:38\] Who who would build our international operation from
scratch. And as we were doing these interviews we were seeing even
faster than we anticipated clones popping up. And so we said God we
really need to talk to these people and this was for me personally one
of the most difficult growth moments because I hated the clones and I
mean like I didn\'t hate them. From a business perspective. I hated them
as human beings.

\[00:18:05\] Like I just found I still like to be honest.

\[00:18:09\] Like find it so foul like the reasons that I got into
building startups and then comparing that to the reasons I like to think
that somebody I mean an important lesson now because it\'s incredibly
demoralizing when someone just blatantly rips you off. Yeah.

\[00:18:29\] So so I kind of sucked it up and we started bringing people
to Chicago to meet with them and meet with these different clones. I
remember I remember the first one kind of sitting in my office I was
going to meet them downstairs at Motel Bar where we did that deal. I
remember sitting in my office and kind of trying to get my stuff in a
Zen like state and try to think about like even the worst human beings
you know they have there. If you try to see if you can see the world
through their eyes like it makes a lot of sense. People aren\'t usually
evil crazy or stupid. So I was there and I went downstairs to meet them
and instead of getting right into business I was just like so let\'s
just talk to each other as as humans.

\[00:19:07\] Man like what are you into.

\[00:19:10\] What are your hobbies. And he was like well I collect coins
and I thought to myself That\'s stupidest hobby that I can but I said
Come on Andrew.

\[00:19:26\] Open mind and then I said Well like why do you collect. Why
do you collect coins and. And he was like Do you like to like hold them
and think about all the hands that they\'ve passed through or like you
know think about the history or something.

\[00:19:39\] My dad collects coins like applause. All right well.

\[00:19:47\] Let me I\'m sure there are good reasons to collect coins
laughter but this guy didn\'t have one. So what he said was I like to I
like to I like to sit on my couch on the weekend and I open my safe and
I take it out and I think about how valuable it is. And I was like
exactly that\'s exactly who I thought you would be. So we didn\'t do
that deal. But then but then we met the Samier brothers who we ended up
doing a deal with.

\[00:20:14\] And they were just like super super smart. Like clearly
savvy and we it was clear that these guys were going to like if we
wanted to play in Europe then we were going to play with them or we
could just put it off and do something later.

\[00:20:30\] But they sort of have a bad reputation for copying people
like why did you buy them.

\[00:20:39\] Well I think the copying thing is just emotional.

\[00:20:44\] They also they have a bad reputation for like building
unsustainable businesses and that would be a better reason to question
my judgment.

\[00:20:53\] I did. I think I read they had like huge turnover in
employees and didn\'t really care about the user experience which seemed
opposite to Groupon.

\[00:21:03\] So so what I\'d say if I was doing it again I think I would
be I would be very thoughtful about making sure that if I am going to do
an acquisition that the people that are running the show across the pond
would be 100 percent values aligned with me because as the company gets
bigger like part of the reason we did an acquisition is because we were
still in a knife fight in theU.S. like we think that we would be able to
pay any attention overseas. So we really needed to have somebody that we
would be able to trust. And you can align with them on things from time
to time but it\'s the million little decisions that you\'d never that
are never even brought up to your attention that really make the
difference between success and failure.

\[00:21:53\] So so so that\'s why it\'s so important that you find
people who you\'re really aligned with on a on a values level.

\[00:22:00\] Speaking of acquisitions Groupon almost got acquired. Can
you talk a little bit about that story.

\[00:22:09\] Sure. So I think it started with Yahoo. Approaching us
unsolicited. If I remember correctly and they offered they made kind of
over the transom offer they kind of hinted that they would they would
buy us for something like 2 billion dollar range in a million dollar
range. Yeah. So somewhere around there. And and I really did not want to
sell to Yahoo. I didn\'t want to sell at all. I really didn\'t want to
sell to Yahoo. And the board the board was interested. As is the
board\'s responsibility to be interested in stuff like that.

\[00:22:55\] So I managed to get a meeting with with Google with the
thought being that if we can get them interested that\'s a better place
to end up than than Yahoo.

\[00:23:06\] And laughter.

\[00:23:07\] And that went really well. At the same time that was
happening. It was it was getting into the holiday season and the
business was just taking off on a level that we had never seen before.
So it kind of fortuitously just as that conversation was happening you
know we were looking at our numbers and the board sat down and said it
would be it would be foolish to sell at this point we think this company
can be much more much more valuable independently. And so we kept going.

\[00:23:41\] You didn\'t want to sell. You were happy to keep working.

\[00:23:44\] Yeah I didn\'t want to sell you know I don\'t know why.

\[00:23:48\] Meaning I\'m meaning I don\'t know.

\[00:23:53\] I really don\'t know if I have a just deep like kind of
sense of ownership around these things and I don\'t want anybody else to
own the company or if I didn\'t think it was the right thing for the
business.

\[00:24:10\] My my point of view on it now like I\'ve I\'ve come to
think are how we think about it with like with like detour and what I\'m
trying to do by building a business is I think of a business as an
opportunity to inject an idea into the world that hopefully makes a
difference somehow.

\[00:24:30\] And whether that actual business persists or like is kind
of secondary to whether or not the idea has had an impact whether it\'s
through your own company or somebody else\'s company. So that\'s how I
that\'s how I think about building businesses now.

\[00:24:51\] OK. And I\'m running out of time. I\'m going to take a few
extra minutes because I have a couple more questions and I want to get
to detour but just very quickly. Any advice for founders in this
audience thinking of going public some day.

\[00:25:08\] Going public is awful. It\'s really the worst thing that
that I think we ever did.

\[00:25:15\] And I think Groupon would be different if it hadn\'t gone
public.

\[00:25:23\] Let me tell you laughter let me tell you a couple.

\[00:25:29\] I don\'t know why you\'re clapping. Why.

\[00:25:31\] Why are you clapping because one person to clap. Tell me
why you clapped. Is it because it\'s like nice to hear me admit that. Or
is it because like honesty.

\[00:25:39\] OK so here\'s here\'s what it is like.

\[00:25:44\] I think at the at the very least 10 percent of your time
and for a company like group on 50 percent of your time will now be
sucked up by doing something that has nothing to do with building a
great company. It is so tragic. It\'s like the reason you\'re doing what
you\'re doing what you\'re doing now and you\'re slaving away now like
you\'re gonna be doing something entirely different that just feels like
complete bullshit.

\[00:26:09\] Every second that you\'re doing it in less your a sociopath
you\'re going to be like I hate this why do I have to do this.

\[00:26:19\] The other thing is the incentives to think short term are
so unbelievably strong the incentives to think quarterly are too strong
for any company to resist. I don\'t care what any public company CEO
tells you they are making short term tradeoffs all the time. And I just
think it\'s bad. I think it\'s bad for for for for business and
entrepreneurship. I don\'t know why anybody would want to do that. So I
guess my advice for you is don\'t get consumed by this because you\'ve
got to be successful first. But to the degree that you can be thinking
about what you can do to set yourself up to to never go public or put it
off as long as possible you\'ll be doing it you\'ll you\'ll thank
yourself down the road. I mean we were engineered from Verilli very
early on because of the way that we were financed to go public
relatively quickly and it\'s probably the worst thing.

\[00:27:18\] So avoid going public that I mean it\'s no support. And I
also feel like we were a particular brand of shit show. Like let me let
me be clear. You know like there\'s all kinds of other shit that I did
that I could have avoided because we grew so fast. But I\'m I\'m kind of
self-aware enough to I think I\'m objective enough about this to be able
to be able to make this judgment universally and say that it\'s we\'re
just like the worst example.

\[00:27:45\] OK. Finally I know I\'m going over to talk about detour
quickly and any sort of we actually don\'t like I don\'t want you to
think that the only way I agree to do this is to go to plug my new
company I want to hear about it I\'ve been wanting to talk to you about
deja forever.

\[00:27:59\] OK well then just you know even if you\'re going ask a
question about it make sure it\'s one that does feel like it\'s in my
I\'ve heard about this really cool company called me. What I want to
know is what does detour and what lessons are you now applying now that
you have this blank slate. Again you\'re doing a new startup. What are
you doing differently.

\[00:28:21\] GS so detour is their location aware audio walks you put
your phone in your pocket and we have these awesome stories that walk
you through San Francisco they take about 45 minutes. They they tell you
where to turn. You can take them in groups. It\'s awesome. Like I\'m
I\'m super proud of it. It\'s the most fun thing I\'ve ever done. And I
think everybody\'s really going to love it when they have a chance to
use it.

\[00:28:50\] Lesson\'s so many there\'s actually a lot of value value.

\[00:28:59\] One thing that someone said to me we did an off site last
week and one thing that somebody said to me that I hadn\'t even thought
of is there is a certain amount of like big company structure that I\'m
bringing to detour like we have 90 day company goals. We do postmortems
on things like nothing that\'s just just stuff to make that makes
startups unnecessarily chaotic. We\'re not doing that stuff.

\[00:29:25\] I think the other thing is that the biggest. There\'s
certain values that you really have to like.

\[00:29:38\] I think what you\'re the definition of values is there the
behaviors or principles that you religiously adhere to within your
company.

\[00:29:46\] When we say religious I mean that no amount of data will
sway you. It is from those principles and the degree to which that you
have the courage to maintain your conviction around those ideas is the
degree to which you\'re going to be successful over the long term. And I
think there are things like around the type of people that you work with
around starting with the customer and working backwards that I see
startups that at Groupon We rationalized making exceptions.

\[00:30:18\] I see why see startups rationalizing exceptions all the
time because it\'s it\'s really really hard.

\[00:30:26\] And everybody everybody thinks they\'re doing it. We
thought we were doing it like I thought I was doing and I thought I was
consistently starting with the customer and working backwards.

\[00:30:34\] And when I wasn\'t I always had a really good excuse that I
could explain to someone. But it didn\'t matter. And I feel like those
are the biggest mistakes. And so like the biggest difference is just
having the courage to stick to those convictions.

\[00:30:48\] And it feels so good when you see them pay off and that\'s
awesome. Great way to end. I\'m sorry we went when everybody was too
loud applause.
