**Emmett Shear at Startup School SV 2014-cQ3tZ05KCtw.mp4**

\[00:00:03\] Larry buddy I actually work yes.

\[00:00:12\] All right. So this was us in 2005.

\[00:00:17\] We were just out of college. We packed ourselves into my
civic and we drove up into Boston where we\'d just been accepted
thankfully into the summer Founders Program. It\'s very first year our
backup plan was to go live with our parents. So that was great. Both
Justin and I were very relieved that we could get our own place albeit a
little tiny bedroom in Roxbury which is all we could afford at the time.
And that summer was amazing. I still to this day don\'t quite know what
they saw on us to accept us because looking back on it we knew none of
the things we needed in order to succeed in startups and we missed my
first slide which is a big slide this says imagine in front of you.
Don\'t give up because that\'s the only important thing that I really
had going in. When we started here was a determination not to give up
because if you look back on it we kind of knew how to program. We
weren\'t very good. In retrospect we didn\'t really know what we were
doing. I thought that you had to use a database from Java. I didn\'t
understand that that was like a separate thing and that they had nothing
to do with each other. I was we really really didn\'t know what we were
doing we did not have make product decisions. We to raise money to hire
people. But it certainly did not manage people and we had basically none
of the skills.

\[00:01:29\] All we had was a desire to make it happen and an amazing
support network of people who were helping us make it happen. And so we
started our company Kigo calendar Mikiko calendar was a story in just
repeated mistake and failure.

\[00:01:45\] We were we were building basically Google calendar. It
wasn\'t called that at time because we were a calendar hadn\'t been
released but we\'ve seen Gmail as had almost everyone else and we in
about 9 other companies all had the same brilliant idea at the same time
which is we should make a calendar that works like Gmail which is
actually a pretty good idea. Turns out but everyone had that same idea.
It probably wasn\'t a great start start at the time anyway. So not only
do we have a kind of not so great idea but we couldn\'t stay focused on
it for more than like five weeks in a row.

\[00:02:16\] So we had like this founder ADT we\'d go and we\'d work on
Quico for about five weeks and they wouldn\'t it wouldn\'t explode
overnight mysteriously for some reason and we get demoralized he would
give up and we go build and launch some other product like a social
network for families or a search engine for MySpace MySpace was big at
the time not Facebook.

\[00:02:36\] So just you know context and we\'ve actually had a listing
called sounds app which was a imagin soundcloud but built by people who
didn\'t have any idea or any vision for how to grow it from there. And
we we just we we did get a really great education in prototyping
products like we built in launch I think no less than 6 start of ideas
in a year and a half and we kept going back to Quico when that
inevitably also failed to explode. And so we learned a lot that we
learned a lot about how ADT definitely prevents you from succeeding.

\[00:03:11\] We learned about how to program that was much better. By
the end of that than I was at the beginning as was Justin we hired our
first employees screwed up hiring our first employees and managing them
but learning experience. And then we sold them on eBay because Google
Calendar been launched and we had no idea how to compete with that.

\[00:03:27\] So that takes us to the next step.

\[00:03:31\] So we we knew after we did that we wanted to keep doing
startups. We\'d sold it on eBay. About a quarter million dollars which
at the time was like a inconceivably large amount of money we didn\'t
keep all of that. Our investors got most of it but still it was it was
seemed like sort of a win. And we raised more money from Y C with this
basic concept that we were going to build a reality television show
around Justin\'s life. Again I\'m not sure that the decision making by Y
see looking back now looks good but at the time I can\'t really
understand what they were thinking so. So we knew at the time we knew
two things. We knew we were missing two really crucial skills in order
to make a startup happen. We needed someone who could keep us from just
like meandering to build a third startup so we brought on our friend
from college Michael Seibel to be the CEO and be B-R bureau our parent
sort of you know keep us product focused guys from getting NTD and
leaving the project and keep us on the straight and narrow. And we
promised him we\'d move to New York really quick it\'d be great. You
should just go out to Silicon Valley for us to launch it will raise some
money and move to New York and that was that was all lies. We never
moved to New York. I think we kind of intended to but not really. And so
then we we brought on khyal our fourth co-founder because we needed
someone who actually knew how to build hardware like we we were stopped
we were smart but we were like kind of junior asked programmers at the
time and definitely couldn\'t build what we thought we needed to build
for justin tv to launch it to launch a live 24/7 reality TV television
show. You brought Kylen for that and this was our awesome foreperson
founding team foreperson founding teams are generally a bad idea. Hours
worked. I don\'t generally recommend it but something about the way the
team dynamics gelled made it function and we launched the show and it
was our first time launching a show where we got the attention of the
whole country. I mean I mean not everybody but like a lot of people
heard about us. We were on and carry on like the morning show. We like
we we built the thing that people outside of Silicon Valley cared about
and that was really really cool and had this awesome spike of growth we
had like 150000 uniques in the first month and then it turns out we have
no idea what we\'re doing in terms of producing reality television. We
did not understand that and so we went back to what we knew about which
was the technology in the platform the thing we spent the previous year
and a half working on and we opened up the Justin TV platform to
everyone and made it into the website. You may have actually visited at
some point which is a platform for anyone to broadcast live video.

\[00:06:16\] And so the one there you go. OK.

\[00:06:22\] So you can see just on TV being flat for a very long time
as we had no idea we were doing and bumbled around with reality
television show you can see that bend in the curve that\'s us figuring
out oh yeah we should probably just not produce the content and let
other people do it. It\'s really important that we didn\'t give up right
so the the key thing that happened there is we had a failed project and
a failed startup like it wasn\'t working. We were it was clearly going
nowhere but rather than give up on it we decide okay how do we repurpose
this how do we keep going. We somehow managed to raise money despite the
fact that it was not a good idea before we opened the platform. People
believed in us and give us an idea of our current theme here we convince
people to believe in us and give us money before we actually have
figured it out. And that\'s that was really really good for us because
it let us let us keep going and not give up but we would have kept going
anyway as I think we would. We\'re all really committed even if we
hadn\'t been on the draw draw a salary which we couldn\'t. For months in
the middle we would have kept going. So then it\'s great. We got product
market fit or we sort of thought we did. We didn\'t really but we hit
something we\'d like stumbled accidentally into something people really
wanted and the growth sort of speaks to that. And so then you get to
this period just to give you a history you have some growth. And we\'re
really excited and it\'s really just heads down. I\'ve never scaled
anything before so this is another skill we didn\'t have I had no idea
how to run a Web service that got more than 3 users at a time. Another
did Kyle and so we had a lot of downtime. A lot of downtime kept growing
anyways and got a lot better at it.

\[00:07:48\] Learn how to scale a web service and then the sad thing
happened is we didn\'t understand what was generating our growth.

\[00:07:59\] And so we couldn\'t cause it to keep going. We hit some
point and stopped growing and it was totally mysterious to us why this
happened like we didn\'t we really. If you\'d asked us why were you
growing 3 months ago when you\'re not growing now you would not be able
to tell you because we couldn\'t have told you why we started growing in
the first place other than we made some changes and it seemed like it
worked. So we kept going we kept going for four years we realized okay
well we\'re not growing it\'s 2008. So if you cast your mind back the
market has totally collapsed. There\'s no way to raise money. You\'re
like well we better start making some money and so we worked really hard
on monetizing our site. We cut costs and we clawed our way. I wouldn\'t
call it profitability but at least we\'d staunched the bleeding and then
we kind of found ourselves stuck in this place where what do we do now
like we\'ve got this thing we could stay here where do we to make it
profitable. We could work on it for a while. You know it\'s not really
going anywhere. And so we had this moment real met up and we like we
need to do something with this company and should have two schools of
thought. One of them was mobile at the time the iPhone was new and we
saw it. There\'s this real opportunity to build a mobile video. There
was no good mobile video players in the space that that could be big.
And there is the sort of second idea run gaming which I was interested
in primarily because it was the only content on Justin TV that I
personally watched.

\[00:09:25\] And we actually said okay this time rather than just launch
random features and see but I don\'t know just sort of guess whether
they worked or not. We\'re gonna set real goals for two projects one
around mobile one around gaming and we\'re going to try to hit those
goals and so we set up two teams internally one led by MichaelR. then
CEO which turned into Socialcam on getting spun off and then a second
one led by me and in partnership with Kevin Lin who is our CEO and the
two of us really believed in the gaming part mostly because were big
gamers and I done some handwaving math about how IPN was big so maybe we
could be too. And we looked into it and so there\'s no really content
issues with this. We can we can go get the gaming content it\'s not
incredibly expensive the way sports would be. And we realized that
advertisers are okay with gaming. Okay great. All the market research
has done. Let\'s go do it. That basically was in fact the center of
market research. And so that was this project that was codenames Earth
anyone who\'s ever worked with me knows I love code names. I will code
name anything. Code name reorgs I will code name like moving the kitchen
anything I love code name so our project code named for this was Zearth.
Which no one else in the company loves but I really loved and actually
really want to launch twitch as Earth but they wouldn\'t let me. So we
had to go with the new name and the best thing about about the work we
did then was that that was when that was when the light bulb went off.
That was when I finally should have I guess made the final step. This is
5 16 years and as an entrepreneur and got the head put together all the
skills I needed to actually run a company I could I could build
products. I understood the engineering side. I could manage. People had
spent years painfully making mistakes losing lots of employees. Sorry
Eric sorry Tim you were learning experiences. And we we I figured out
how to do hiring we\'d figured out how to scale products if we needed
to. We knew I knew about how companies might make money you might lose
money. And what I finally could do when we were when we were here is I
finally got the extra bonus skill of figuring out how to talk to users.
So now you\'re all thinking I\'ve heard what you have to talk to users
yay. Of course I talked to users and I thought I talked to users before
we did before we did switch. I was wrong. I didn\'t actually understand
how to talk to users and 80 percent of you when you go start your
startup make the exact same mistake idea which is you go talk to some
users and you\'ll think you\'ve done it right. It\'s really hard.

\[00:12:13\] It\'s something that we you know we train product managers
on Monday when they come into the company something that I think is
really one of the key skills for a startup founder it certainly was for
me one of the missing skills. And so we finally built things for our
users. It was like we\'d been we\'ve been to bumbling around the dark
trying to get across the room. Right. And if you go across the room
that\'s product market fit.

\[00:12:36\] And so we\'d be like Aha we know it\'s that way and then
we\'d go oh step on a Lego but my foot into a chair and that\'s like
that was building stuff was like you can make progress that way every
time you hit something you back up and you go around and you get
something else you back up you go around and eventually you get closer
and closer to the direction you want to go in. It was like I just turned
the lights for oh I see there\'s some logos there in the chairs there
and I should just like walk in this path and I\'ll get across the room.
And it was really it is really a magical experience. You put all of
those things 16 year accumulation of six years of experience together of
basically more or less failing to do the right thing in a startup
together and you finally got Twitch TV which we launched at E3 in 2011.
About nine months after the project started in about four months after I
had this epiphany and this logo is not very good my designers are really
very good. It\'s not bad when designers are unhappy with it after his
he\'s not happy with it because I made him do it in 24 hours because I
was like Oh right we need a logo we\'re launching in 24 hours make it.
And so we didn\'t actually think he did a pretty good job for a 24 hour
logo. And that was the whole thing of Twitch was like we basically just
threw these like two or three things together like we didn\'t do that
much work compared to the amount of work we\'d done for just in TV. We
applied it in the right places in the right directions because we
finally knew what we were doing well enough to apply it apply our effort
efficiently. And that was that was twitch and actually from that point
on the story gets like way more boring because we basically did the same
thing over and over and over again. We went to talk to the users we\'d
ask them like what do you want and we get to know what their net is what
they wanted but like what their life goals were and like their
experiences they have today how they made money today what their jobs
were like what they wanted to do. And we identified really importantly
which users were the most important to us and that was the broadcasters
we had to build a place that was amazing for people to broadcast gaming
video. And we had to build a place that was amazing for gamers. And so
we would just cycle that we would talk to them we\'d go build stuff some
of them would switch. We\'d get enough leverage that through promotion
that we could get more and bring more people onto the platform we
started being able to do business development deals because we got
bigger don\'t do business development deals or starting a company it\'s
like useless you see big companies do it or even medium size start ups
to it sometimes it can be quite effective later. Don\'t don\'t imitate
them. It doesn\'t work early. Every time we tried to do a business
devolvement dieldrin just on TV and we didn\'t have a product that was
taking off. It was a gigantic distraction and waste of time. They only
it\'s only beneficial once you get later on into the process. At any
rate so you\'ve probably seen this graph before. I think this graph was
actually inspired by Justin TV because this is this is what it feels
like doing a startup and this is what Justin TV and felt like the whole
time which is this rush of excitement in the beginning is your first
building something that you are really excited about this idea it\'s
awesome we\'re taking it to the world this long period of like Payne
where it doesn\'t work and you don\'t know what you\'re doing and you
are probably screwing it up but you could probably if everyone was super
skilled and knew everything you need to know from day one they might be
well to enter that growth curve immediately. You just can\'t. You have a
massive learning experience and learning experience is specific to every
startup. That\'s why I don\'t really think giving generic surfer advice
usually works because even that business development advice I just gave
that\'s wrong. Like some number of people that\'s that\'s actually
completely the wrong advice. You should actually go do biz dev deals
before you even launch your company. I don\'t know what stuff that would
be for but there\'s got to be one out there that fits that pattern and
so eventually it gets better. I think that\'s the real message
eventually if you stick with it even if you have to change your idea
even if you have to pivot. The coal company in a different direction if
you have to start over with a new product idea entirely. You get there.
Eventually you get something that is actually working on it. It\'s a
reflection of you as much as it is of learning about the domain and
being a domain expert is valuable. But you also have to build the skills
and we know when we started just in TV we started Kigo way back in 2005.
We didn\'t have the skills and it was only through sticking with it the
entire time that we built them. So don\'t give up and if you just keep
at it you will get better and even if your first startup doesn\'t work.
Maybe your second one will in my case it took three tries. Errantly a
bit of a slow learner because the other people seem to have done it
faster sometimes. But this was it was a great experience the whole time.
And if you don\'t love it you won\'t make it through the long period of
pain that is inevitable. So make sure that you take care of yourself
during the process make sure that you take care of your mental health
your physical health while you\'re doing it because it\'s a long road. I
think earlier they\'re saying it takes an average of eight years. It
took us eight years eight and a half and that\'s normal and fucked it
up. It could\'ve easily taken longer. The Amazon deal kind of came out
of nowhere we weren\'t really looking this all the company weren\'t
expecting to and so it could have been 9 years 10 years before you saw
any kind of exit or end of the road on that stuff. And for me it isn\'t
even the end of the road home. Actually after eight years of this I love
it. I really like doing it. And for me it\'s nothing I want to keep
doing going forward indefinitely into the future. I really enjoy it. And
so that\'s really the most important thing is stick with it all the way
and don\'t give up. And that\'s the most important thing. It\'s the only
way to succeed in startups.

\[00:18:10\] Thank you.
