**Jim Goetz and Jan Koum at Startup School SV 2014-8-pJa11YvCs.mp4**

\[00:00:02\] So this is really cool. This is the first time we have had
a founder and a board member up here together and I think it\'ll be a
really interesting talk for that. It\'s also the first time these two
guys have ever spoken. Actually like other potential landfall. So there
is a lot to talk about here. This is you know one of the most exciting
startups of the last many years. But before we jump into what happened
on WhatsApp I want to talk a little bit about Yan\'s background and so
maybe you talk about sort of growing up in Ukraine and how that
influenced your thoughts about coming to Silicon Valley and startups and
what\'s up.

\[00:00:35\] Sure. So thanks for sharing. Thank you for coming here.
Exciting to see so many people here. Yeah I grew up in Ukraine and I
came to United States in 1992. I was 16 at a time and I left my dad
stayed in Ukraine and they\'ve left a lot of friends and people I went
to school with. And so part of it part of what I experienced was it was
really hard trying to keep in touch with people back then like Think
back to 1992. There is no internet there\'s no emails there\'s no
skydives there is nothing you just you just have a phone you don\'t even
have a cell phone.

\[00:01:05\] For the most part you just have a look at this landline and
you know to call somebody else like sign up as MCI or AT&T and it was
just like all this us like we\'re weird international dialing stuff to
do it. And I think part of it is part of that influenced me.

\[00:01:19\] And then I think also growing up in a country where
educational is so valuable and there was a lot of kind of focus on just
learning and studying influenced me like I came here and I was able to
quickly start learning about computers and computer science and also
growing up in a country which didn\'t have a whole lot of advertising we
were going to clean very basic live and then you actually have a slide
of this thing called we got Yanzu resmi.

\[00:01:56\] Wow. Laughter. Laughter.

\[00:01:59\] So you have a somewhat non-traditional path to starting a
company or at least in the current world I think this is probably
happened for a long time and you spent it looks like nine years nine
years. Yeah. And you also dropped out of college to join Yahoo. You had
in common. Yeah. Well I think it is like WhatsApp. So I was wondering if
you could talk about sort of your path from how you decided to drop out
of college and go to Yahoo and then how your experience at Yahoo shaped
WhatsApp and how you came together with Brian there.

\[00:02:31\] Sure. Actually a funny story about me and Brian that we met
even before I joined Yahoo because he technically intrigued me. He was
my co-founder was like someone is people going through me back in 1998.

\[00:02:42\] And I think well some had earlier when I worked at this
interesting young auditing auditing company I was doing like computer
security audit. And so I was actually recruited into Yahoo by one of the
founders at Yahoo. David phyla who I worked with for a long time and who
was a big role model and a mentor in many ways. Because when I joined
Yahoo. It was a pretty small company we had like maybe 500 servers or
400 servers and over nine years we grew to thousands of servers and so
to see that gross and to experience all the technical issues that you
have to deal is when it comes to scaling the company was was extremely
useful and we ended up starting WhatsApp because we didn\'t have to make
the same mistake twice. We were able to basically look at what worked at
Yahoo and what didn\'t work at Yahoo. And we were also able to tap into
our network.

\[00:03:36\] We had a really good network of very skilled very senior
server engineers who joined us with what\'s up some who already left
Yahoo at a time some who were still at Yahoo that we were able to
recruit and convince them to to join us and we were able to have a very
small team of engineers supporting obviously a lot of users outside
because we learned so much about scaling and managing servers and so
that experience in that mentorship from David and Geria at Yahoo was
really valuable to us.

\[00:04:05\] How many engineers do you have at the time of the WhatsApp
acquisition.

\[00:04:10\] Engineers probably.

\[00:04:12\] 2025 is supporting about 400 million active users. Yeah
that\'s pretty incredible.

\[00:04:18\] Just a couple quick anecdotes about his resume. He did know
we\'re going to present it today. This was in the Sequoia archives we
collect resumes at times and try to share with the portfolio. But a lot
of you are thinking about starting a company which is wonderful but I
also think you took a different path. He actually joined a great company
during their growth years and I think learned a great deal from David.
And there\'s the whole experience that much of the approach to
leadership that I think John embraced it WhatsApp was formed at Yahoo.
He was a Yahoo hire hundreds of engineers every month and realized a
lack of focus was creating challenges for the company. And then over
time Yahoo. As they look to monitise as a public company he spent a lot
of energy on advertising which created a distraction if you will for the
consumer and I think John\'s passion around simplicity and no
advertising and also the approach to focus came from that experience at
Yahoo. I want to share one final anecdote for those of you that are
looking at crucible moments. Yohn was seen as a statement killer science
class and finally called him and said.

\[00:05:22\] Where the fuck are you. And John said while I\'m in class
and David said Get your ass in here. And that was a crucible moment that
I think set you on this wonderful journey and I think it\'s great to
have kind of file in a mixin.

\[00:05:37\] She doesn\'t remember that it were happening. I think that
was what drove it me to drop out. I was like well okay I guess I have a
real job to do. Laughter.

\[00:05:46\] You thought you were working while you were still a
student. I was trying to do both. I was trying to go to school part time
and work full time. And that only lasted for about two weeks and I was
like well said I really like working at Yahoo.

\[00:05:55\] So using a freebie as the operating system which was a
really was and still am really passionate about and it was like a dream
job for me and the learning experience that I was getting there was just
like mind blowing.

\[00:06:06\] Can you tell us about the moment that you decided to start
this company.

\[00:06:12\] So the interesting thing is I don\'t think I ever decided
to start a company. In fact now that I look back I was like wow I never
thought that I\'ll be starting a company.

\[00:06:21\] I thought I was just building a product. And I think a lot
of great companies actually start out that way people just want to build
a product and I\'m thinking of starting a company because starting a
company requires that you have a general consul and biz dev team and a
char and they have to look for office space and make sure your employees
are getting paid. It\'s a lot of kind of complicated and you\'ve been
there you\'ve done that.

\[00:06:41\] It\'s very not that exciting as compared to building a
product. So we started out just trying to build a messaging app. And you
know now looking back it must have been so naive to think that I
couldn\'t build an app that millions of people would use. I was just
like oh yeah it\'s easy to do this.

\[00:06:59\] Turns out it\'s not so easy. Well a lot of challenges
during the day on our way. But it basically started out as me buying an
iPhone in January of 2009. I took a year off after Yahoo and a kind of
travel and spent a lot of time just figuring out what to do. And in
January of 2009 about an iPhone and this was literally like three or
four months after STK for AOL came out and people were trying to figure
out what they can do was it. And we started just playing around was was
the fallen and as you began trying to build an app and our original idea
was actually not messaging our original idea was established and to get
out enough people know about this but because we\'ve built all this
quality code that could figure out who your contacts are who you are
your.

\[00:07:44\] Friends are based on your contact list. We\'re able to
pivot into messaging because already had that foundation we had a
separate piece written and we had a client code written for iPhone and
so in the summer of 2009 when when the status thing wasn\'t working out
so well for us were like well let\'s try messaging. We were able to just
kind of put the end piece and drop it in and just go from there.

\[00:08:08\] So I figured exactly when you two met each other and
decided to work together. But I know it happened relatively quietly and
there weren\'t a lot of people in it. I\'d love to just hear the story
of how you guys met and decided to partner together.

\[00:08:22\] Well to be clear I think Yanto was interested in talking to
anybody in the investment community nor anybody in the carrier community
including CEOs or handset manufacturers including CEOs. He essentially
ignored those e-mails and he had phenomenal focus on any customer female
but certainly my initial e-mails were rebuffed without a reply no
response at all.

\[00:08:46\] Clearly there were enough people at Yahoo.

\[00:08:51\] I think we collectively knew together along with Brian
where we eventually were able to secure a brief interaction at the Red
Rock Cafe. For those of you that are in Mountain View and Yon was in a
beanie in his first.

\[00:09:06\] Stair it was a bit intimidating and I didn\'t get him to
smile for maybe five minutes and I thought I\'m definitely in trouble.

\[00:09:15\] I remember Redrock that definitely happened and I remember
laughter they have an amazing coffee by the way. And yeah I remember of
our interactions and were trying to figure out. Me and Brian has always
kind of focused on building a company and building a product that can
sustain itself.

\[00:09:36\] And we\'re actually getting revenue is up already because
our iPhone app was paid and our hours of platforms were free. We were
actually doing like Brand Nokia. I don\'t think we had Android at that
point yet but we\'re probably one of the few companies that decided to
build up for Blagg brain kids a time and I think that gamble paid off
for us because a lot of those people who were using Nokia five years ago
who were WhatsApp users are now using Android or AOL Icelanders.
They\'re keeping. Are still using whatsapp because of the connections
and group chat to the app. But I think. We were able to. Choose our
partnership and our investors because we were able to monetize our IPO
Asaph or actually having revenue and we were able to pay for electricity
and pay for servers and base salaries to somewhere early employees and
so we weren\'t in this situation we\'re like while we need to raise
money. Otherwise we\'re going to go out of business tomorrow so we were
able to kind of leverage. Our situation and take our time and make sure
that we careful and partner with the people who we think will support us
in building what were set out.

\[00:10:43\] And do you remember what about Jim and Sinclair made you
want to partner with them.

\[00:10:48\] I think I think nervous laughter from Jim in general is it
first of all that have been an amazing partner for us.

\[00:10:58\] But I think in general if you look at the history of
Sequoyah you know I\'ve supported companies like Cisco Apple and Google
and Yahoo. And I think growing up in Silicon Valley and I lived here for
22 years there is there is this heritage that Sequoia has that and
pedigree is that a lot of other venture funds don\'t have.

\[00:11:25\] And I remember I remember sitting after we got a few
different term sheets.

\[00:11:30\] I remember sitting and talking to Brian and I was like
trying to figure out what to do. I was like Brian look like five years
ago I\'ve somebody it\'s all about who would how would term sheets from
Sequoia and we were starting this company we would be like nobody would
believe us we wouldn\'t believe this ourselves and now has this
opportunity we should just we should just do it and go for it. And so.

\[00:11:51\] We also got some advice. Mean Jeff Ralston who is one of
our course co-workers at Yahoo. I remember I mean Brian drove over to
Jeff Ralston\'s house.

\[00:12:00\] It was like Colwin and it was like a scene from a James
Bond movie because nobody knew about us and we didn\'t want to tell
anybody as we were raising we didn\'t want to getting our attention and
we got to have Schuyler\'s at 11:00p.m. when everybody was asleep on
like Jaroff was kind of looking at various options like Square companies
I was a quiet company and we were like Okay well that makes us kind.

\[00:12:19\] And Jim what about WhatsApp made you so excited at that
point.

\[00:12:23\] Well look we were looking at the messaging space we were at
the time we had built a system we called earlybird that was tracking the
activity on the app stores and WhatsApp had become dominant globally not
theU.S. in fact they were well down the charts in theU.S. but in maybe
35 60 countries Romanones time they were one or two and we had been
looking at the messaging space and group messaging and it concluded that
this pay model that they had crafted and just the utility experience it
reminded me and many of my partners are chrome just as simplicity.

\[00:12:59\] And then for the next few months it was all about trying to
get to John and Brian because they didn\'t have an address that was
publicly available. There was no signage on the building. I knew that
they were in Mountain View but where we literally walked the streets of
Mountain View to see if we could intersect with these guys that you
actually had people just acquired partners what we have on the street it
was actually the partners walking around. Yes but I\'ll say this about
Brian and Yon\'s being too modest the level of focus we all talk about
focus but the level of focus that John had at WhatsApp to the product
and to the client is absolutely shocking I\'ve ever had an entrepreneur
as focus as John and whether it was executives from various companies or
CEOs or partners from various firms Yohn ignored the vast majority of
that activity including the PR inbound and stayed focused on the
product. And I think that serve the cultural incredibly well.

\[00:13:52\] We just didn\'t have time we were such a small team. You
know Brian and me would spend hours answering customer support e-mails
right. So you know he\'s fine how long did that last.

\[00:14:00\] How many users did WhatsApp have the last time you answered
regularly answered customer support e-mails.

\[00:14:04\] I still do a little bit today I was late and spent hours
answering customers e-mails and about people who write into me to
somehow find my e-mails.

\[00:14:12\] Right. And I try to answer and try to help. And I still
runs iPhone data programs to this day. So but I think at around. 150 200
million was started hiring dedicated customers folks.

\[00:14:24\] Laughter And we actually have a lot.

\[00:14:29\] We\'ve focused a lot on our customer support and
localization our customer support team is probably one of the most
diverse teams. That is because we have to support Italian French Turkish
Arabic Hebrew. All these languages and they help users and that
translates at the same time.

\[00:14:48\] So this is actually something I want to dig in. You know
Whatsapp had this approach that was very different than most startups.
You know like ignoring Stickley I mean most startups do ignoring the
presses and that\'s me most startups do charging for a consumer product.
I remember in Nike 2011 or whatever people would still say well what\'s
app is never going to work because they charge a dollar. And it\'s a
viral app and that\'s just going to killer right there.

\[00:15:11\] So how how did this sort of culture of being sort of
likeA.I. sort of Silicon Valley standards come about.

\[00:15:18\] And how important was that to the company.

\[00:15:21\] I think what first all I mean are engineers so by
definition we just hate meetings behind our computer. If I can work
right.

\[00:15:28\] Thank you.

\[00:15:30\] Don\'t make us go to meetings with what you have to meet
Brasserie you have to meet other people and it takes you away from being
in front of a computer or getting work done. And when when you\'re
writing add 80 to 90 hours a week speed and all you do is want to work.

\[00:15:48\] You don\'t have a lot of time to take meetings. The thing
about charging is actually very interesting.

\[00:15:55\] We used this lever to charge structuralist slower growth.
And I know it sounds very counterintuitive because like well why would
you want to slow your growth will want it to slow growth so we could
better support our existing users so we could build servers that don\'t
crash so that we could build product that doesn\'t drop messager so that
we could answer to their customer support e-mails and not a lot of
people were telling us what you\'re doing it wrong you should really be
growing as fast as he can and we\'re like no no no no we want to build
the infrastructure first and then it\'s very similar to a little bit of
Facebook in early days. They were doing colleges online and they
weren\'t open to the entire world and that that\'s kind of similar to
what we did.

\[00:16:34\] We wanted to slower growth so we could really focus on
existing users and wanted to make sure that the Hower existing users
happy and that when people sign up they have a great experience and that
the app works and it\'s fast and the servers are up and running all the
time.

\[00:16:48\] And that\'s part of why we charge for IAW and sometimes
Woodlark promotions at the end of the year which would make it free and
have like an implied new influx of new user.

\[00:16:58\] But overall we\'re just kind of wanted to standardize radar
which is why I would have been depressed.

\[00:17:04\] We felt that. Why did you want to Standardbred.

\[00:17:06\] Right.

\[00:17:07\] So we felt that even if people were talking about us
writing about us from the press it\'s a distraction to employees.

\[00:17:13\] It will be distraction to me and Brian because we would
have to comment on it internally. Or you know do something about it.

\[00:17:22\] And we just felt that if you if we don\'t talk to the press
which we tried not to do for the most part we would be able to focus on
a product. And that was our strategy and I think that worked for us
because we really were able to focus on what.

\[00:17:37\] So I think there\'s no marketing inside of WhatsApp right.
I don\'t believe there is in finance individual or organization.

\[00:17:45\] There are essentially two people who are in non-technical
roles. One is right here in Iran. I think we describe his role as
business operations and over time with regulatory issues we begrudgingly
or yond begrudgingly hired a wonderful GC. So this is a company that\'s
very rare in terms of its functional structure and one of our challenges
a Sequoia was to avoid encouraging on to go hire a marketing team or
follow up on that tech crunch request because the authentic Yone.

\[00:18:12\] And Brian was a very different Antich ballet company in a
number of ways.

\[00:18:18\] Related to this approach other than deciding the charge.
Could you talk about you know the best or one of the best product
decisions you made that sort of is somewhat counterintuitive.

\[00:18:26\] Or was it the time man there are so many I think the two
biggest ones that people couldn\'t wrap their mind their head around
were to First we chose not to do user names.

\[00:18:42\] We wanted to use phone number and we had a lot of people
asking us to do usernames and I was like wow why would you want to
introduce an extra layer of handshake between two people when you
already have our phone number and your address book. Well look we always
looked at as a mass as this very simple way for people to communicate
and stay in touch. And you know by actually growing up in Russia and
Ukraine I would go visit every couple of years and I would like I
remember going back to Ukraine in 2004 and 2005 when my basic everybody
was using this mass and then I came back to United States and I was told
my friends about and are like What is this. That\'s right. And so we
wanted to have that simplicity of of just using the phone numbers like
if you know somebody\'s phone number and it\'s in your address book you
probably calls me Prahlad tags. Well you should also be able to what\'s
them. And the second one was that we didn\'t want to use usernames to
think think the ability to tap into your address book and use that as a
graph to build a network and not to use usernames was probably the
biggest one.

\[00:19:43\] Yeah. At the time I remember no one else was using the
phone book yeah yeah. And then remind us now what the worst product
decision is a worse product.

\[00:19:52\] Susan and I have all like we try was ever released to get
rid of a feature that we don\'t think that useful or get rid of the
settings that are on. It\'s not that you solve the problems like when
you have the number of people that we have.

\[00:20:08\] You can\'t just like easily remove stuff because there is
always like a million people or 2 million people to find something
useful and so while you don\'t want to sound like a small percentage
point one percent absolute numbers it\'s a lot.

\[00:20:20\] And so I think there are probably a couple of things that I
think are not that great.

\[00:20:26\] We have this broadcast feature that we can probably improve
on or maybe at some point get rid of it altogether or maybe improve it
probably is the better thing to do.

\[00:20:36\] The smartest thing we have.

\[00:20:37\] You know we started with that site like be very negative
about it because that\'s how I was started by the status functionality
is there it\'s legacy. But I don\'t think anybody uses it. At some point
we really need to clean it up.

\[00:20:50\] And then three people asked me you asked this this morning
why did you choose our line.

\[00:20:58\] It\'s one of those I was intuition intuition thing. I knew
nothing about Erlang. And when we actually still don\'t have a lot of
engineers who do laugh and we actually have like a really small surging
we really have like seven or eight people supporting our entire user
base on a backhand core insanely brilliant who wake up in the middle of
the night and fix servers. The thing about Erlang is that I was looking
for an open source chat server to drop into these back end up with Bill
that could identify which of your contacts were WhatsApp users and I
would think I could get well we can probably use someP.P. which was. An
open protocol for messaging and I was looking for an open source company
server and I couldn\'t find what was written and see what it was like
how dated there was unwritten purling I knew that wouldn\'t be able to
scale. And then like I came across Earling I\'m like What is this. And I
was like at first the first time I heard of it. So I started researching
it and it turned out probably what was the best engineering decision we
ever made by just we were forced to because there was nothing else to
use.

\[00:22:08\] It allowed us to scale Rala while it\'s like build for what
when you do it.

\[00:22:12\] It\'s a functional programming language. It has message
passing it lets you like cluster servers into nodes and you have just
like Gevalia database built into it call them newsier that is really
cool like synchronizes all the data across the servers and we obviously
tweeted a lot internally.

\[00:22:30\] We have a couple of guys who specialize in tuning Erlang
but part of it was just like we had no choice there was only one
available at a time and it worked really well for us.

\[00:22:41\] OK.

\[00:22:42\] So I want to talk about the Facebook acquisition and how
that all came to be. But I actually have another slide all right on this
is that a third.

\[00:22:54\] That\'s your car.

\[00:22:56\] This is the night before the final signing yon it sent me a
picture we had just left Fenwick and West and Mountain View and for the
prior four days we were kind of cooped up 18 20 hours a day because we
had no finance function and we were responsible for all the diligence
materials and we left around 230a.m. after things were wrapped up and
Yeun on his way home didn\'t have a flat tire blew out at 75 miles per
hour. He almost died that night. And this is the exchange thankfully
Yarm was able to pull over and change the tire. But this is one of those
little things that happened in the deal dynamics when people talk about
the deal almost blow up. Yes it did actually.

\[00:23:42\] Laughter. So if you could rewind a little from this start
of the you know very end of the deal. How did that conversation first
begin with you and Mark and how did you think about that and becoming
part of another company.

\[00:23:54\] We met probably two years ago and you know as time went on
we got to know each other and realize that Facebook has kind of gone
through a lot of stuff that we would probably have to go through like
going IPO or something and it also builds us tremendous infrastructure.

\[00:24:12\] And they have a lot of people doing things like finance
that we didn\'t have and they have an amazing legal team and I have a
busy corp dev and biz dev team and when me and Mark would talk we
realized that we we share a lot of kind of common goals and common
vision. Our Facebook mission is to make the world more open and more
connected.

\[00:24:33\] And when you think about what WhatsApp is doing it\'s
helping people to stay in touch it\'s helping people to stay connected.

\[00:24:39\] And the other thing that would kind of realize that you
know we would always talk about is how a lot of companies are very
focused on building product for Silicon Valley and kind of thinking
about well if I can build a product that will take off in Silicon Valley
or maybe even can have users in United States Markkula says this like
vision about while there is 6 billion people in the world which is why
he has taken initiative was enshrined at all because he wants to have
everybody connected. And we always grew internationally really fast in
the early days and we still continue to do that. And so we always kind
of had this like world view of our products and so it made sense as we
got to know each other and kind of shared our visions to merge.

\[00:25:19\] And now that slide gone.

\[00:25:22\] Yeah. And the night before the announcement obviously as
Jim said I had a little accident.

\[00:25:28\] Were there other are there were there other companies that
you would have sold. What was it that their particular vision matched
with market that made you want to do this.

\[00:25:34\] I think we just really decided that we wanted to do it
together. I think it was a really good fit philosophically and than just
cultural wise as well.

\[00:25:42\] I mean they are so focused on what they\'re doing and
we\'re always been so focused on our mission that it just makes sense
for us to do it together how the conversation between you to go as you
were thinking through that well I think you know a lot of a lot of
people talk about tend to focus on guns and numbers. But you know we
were never focused on the numbers we were more focused on how can we
make it work so successful how can we make it work so that we continue
to grow.

\[00:26:12\] And you know me and Brian are still obviously around and
we\'ll be around them. We continue to lead what\'s and we\'re in
Montagues so we\'re a little bit separate from that memo Park office
because it will allow us to focus on completing a mission which we still
don\'t think is. I mean we really do want to connect everybody and
everybody was a smartphone when it was started out people would ask us
What\'s your goal in the early days in 2009 2010. And I would say while
I want what\'s up to be on every single smartphone.

\[00:26:39\] Backdowns was like on a 200 million smartphones so it was
easy. But today if you think about it like we we\'re not on every single
smartphone by far. In fact I think we should be doing a much better job.
I\'m sure a lot of you here probably don\'t use WhatsApp and you know
that\'s partially our fault and we should make sure that no matter how
much success we had that will stay focused on keep keep our eye on
making sure that every single person has WhatsApp on their phone.

\[00:27:03\] It\'s just interject them I think. Yun was never focused on
the money at a human dimension.

\[00:27:10\] The first stop he had here in Mountain View was that the
food stamps line the welfare office and social services. And if you
think about being an immigrant and starting in the bottom 1 percent and
having this ambition to connect to your family and friends and Yan
didn\'t mention this but you lost his mom and his grandmother while I
was at Yahoo. And I think that formed a big part of who he was and as
important as monetary gain can be to the people in the audience I think
ganj passion really started with connecting the world and creating it in
an economically attractive way that would allow people to interact with
one another across country boundaries. And I think getting out of the
Facebook team and Zach a lot of credit I think they understood how
important that was on and I think that\'s reflected in the board seat.
And two years of wonderful conversations were over time I think they
came together on the business and I think that\'s what allowed the two
companies to come together.

\[00:28:08\] We\'ve definitely seen it. I see the people that make the
most money from start ups are the ones where that is not even the you
know number two number three goal. Right. You kind of have to not be
shooting at it for it to really work out it\'s this crazy thing. So to
wrap up to whatever you can talk about it what\'s what\'s sort of in the
future for WhatsApp and what are you most excited to besides getting an
phone.

\[00:28:29\] Oh yeah.

\[00:28:32\] Our job is very sexy. We come into work and we just try to
fix crashes and to make our protocol faster and more efficient on the
wire and we just focus on little details like how can we make our
applications start up faster. How can we make our application more
reliable. How can we make sure that our cloud backup works or that we do
the right thing when you switch phones or when you switch SIM cards
there is a lot of kind of edge cases that we need to think about. And
we\'re we\'re we\'re far from getting it right.

\[00:29:00\] And you know for us for us to get it right is a lot of hard
work and that\'s what everybody is focused on. We still have a lot of
work to do. All right. Thank you so much for calling you. Thank you.
