**Michelle Zatlyn and Matthew Prince at Startup School SV
2014-l58rp7JoVYQ.mp4**

\[00:00:02\] Well do you think we\'d be here now.

\[00:00:06\] So five years ago Matthew I was sitting in your seats. We
started Clotfelter five years ago and I thought I just tell you a little
bit of what\'s happened those five years and then we get into some of
the things we\'ve learned along the way.

\[00:00:19\] So you guys can build really big successful companies too.
And so today. So what does Klopfer do. We\'re building a better
Internet. We have 2 million customers who have signed up for a service
all around the world including Y Combinator fluting Y Combinator and why
people sign up is that we make their web properties load fast. We
protect them from online cyber attacks including DNS tax. We just make
sure we load balance make it available available. We just make the
Internet run better.

\[00:00:48\] We\'re Cisco as a service. It\'s good service.

\[00:00:52\] It\'s only you know 250 billion dollar market cap area.

\[00:00:57\] And so over these five years we have 2 million customers we
have about 120 employees in San Francisco and London two offices. And
everyday about 3000 new people sign up for our service. It\'s been
definitely a rocket ship if you look at our growth numbers. It is the
perfect opt in to the right on all metrics just grow grow grow grow
growth growth growth growth growth.

\[00:01:18\] And yet last night I was at your house having dinner
freaking out about what in the world where we\'re going to talk to these
people about. And Andrew back stage is saying is it basically just going
to be the here\'s why you should sign up for CloudFlare show which we
definitely don\'t want to do so. Definitely not. What what what what
what do you want to talk with. Well I had no idea.

\[00:01:43\] Truth be told he\'s very nervous. He\'s like how are we
going to make this without seeming lame. And I was like No no I feel
like we actually I think seeing cofounders together and dynamics you.
Many of you probably have cofounders and I feel like there\'s a lot of
stories online where things don\'t necessarily work out where they end
up no longer talking or getting pushed out. I think seeing a model where
five years in we still talk to one another.

\[00:02:07\] We\'re at a distinct disadvantage because we\'re neither of
us is very funny and neither of us has been fired.

\[00:02:12\] So you know Andrew definitely has laughter. He was.

\[00:02:29\] So when we started was people come to us. We talked on
hours all the time like how did you do it. Like how did you get to where
you are today. And what I would say is there\'s no silver bullet.
There\'s really no silver bullet. And you know you\'ve heard lots of
successful and incredible line of speakers today tell their version of
what you need to do to be successful. And you know Matthew has his
analogy about sharks and mosquitoes and I think that\'s a really good
place to start.

\[00:02:56\] So you know I think that there are three of us started
CloudFlare and Micheles the person that makes the trains run on time.
She she\'s essentially our CEO although we\'ll talk about why actually
that\'s not we don\'t have titles really. Lee Holloway we don\'t leave
the let him leave the office. He\'s currently chained to his desk
writing code right now. And so he\'s the one actually building this
stuff and my role is basically to assemble the IKEA furniture and tell
the story of what we\'re doing which is actually strangely a really
important role. But you need those three things in order to do it. And
so you know I think a lot of times in early on you know we freaked out
about how are we going to raise money and how reacted you know how are
we going to get media and how we\'re going to press and what you know I
really have always valued in Michelle\'s role has been what Michelle
worries about more than anything is you know how are we going to. How
are we going to hire people. How are we to make sure people get along
when they\'re in the office. How are we going to make sure we\'re
planning making sure things get done.

\[00:04:05\] And again as Michelle references it\'s a little bit like
worrying about sharks versus mosquitoes I tend to worry about the sharks
that are out there. But it turns out that if you look at it around the
world sharks only kill about six people a year tally 10 10 people a
year. Mosquitoes kill hundreds of thousands millions of people a year
and 50000 there you see says she. And so sweating those little details
ends up being a significantly bigger deal in terms of being successful.
We early on I mean when we first interviewed a PR firm that we hired and
we were like We need to be on stage at every event talking about how
we\'re going to change the Internet. We\'re building a better internet
and everyone just said Whoa whoa whoa whoa slow slow slow down. And
again Michelle to her credit was always focused on how do we hire great
people. How do we listen to our customers. How do we solve those little
problems that aren\'t particularly sexy that don\'t get written up in
the news but that are absolutely critical.

\[00:05:09\] And so you know I think that I think that that\'s part of
why we\'ve made made a pretty good team.

\[00:05:15\] And so what does that mean early on. So again five years
ago we started with literally 35 years ago and for the first year we
just built built the product behind the scenes and then opened up a
private data. So does that mean that means the first version of our
product that we released we were if I was literally Marista I remember
cringing when I said Oh God we\'re asking someone to sign up for it.

\[00:05:38\] I wasn\'t ready yet and I knew we had this long list of
features but I eventually had to ship product and so we invited you know
10 people signed up 10 friends all 10 signed up and we took all ten Web
sites off line.

\[00:05:53\] So the exact opposite of our value proposition of making
things better and we fix those problems and have them sign up again. And
then we took all 10 of them off line again.

\[00:06:03\] So but then we fix those problems in the next 10 maybe
eight went off line and we kept getting better and better and better and
better.

\[00:06:11\] It\'s amazing that they tolerated us. It was actually more
like 90 percent of those initial customers are still users the 10
percent that dropped out just went out of business. So it\'s now it\'s
pretty boring.

\[00:06:25\] And that\'s true and the way we are able to get these
initial customers is often people say How do you get your first
customers. It\'s really hard when we got to 100 customers we took the
whole company into Vegas. There were six of us so it wasn\'t that many
people but it was like a big celebration. And so for months we tried to
get to 100 customers.

\[00:06:40\] It was really really hard that my father saw so when we
there was no Amazon Web Services hadn\'t really taken off. We believe
the guy chained to the desk and I had started an open source project a
long time ago and we had about 80000 users and we needed servers to
develop CloudFlare. And I was like How are we going to get servers we
don\'t have any money and what are we going to do.

\[00:07:01\] And Michelle said you know you always talk about how loyal
this project Honeycut community is. What if we just asked them if they
can donate servers to us.

\[00:07:12\] And that seemed absurd at the time but we emailed anyone
who was within about a 50 mile radius of Palo Alto which is where our
first office was and said hey if you\'ve got an extra server and we
there\'s been only about 200 people. We got a 70 percent response rate
on people who said either I\'ve got some server or I know someone who
does.

\[00:07:31\] And then Michelle in her Jatta which is the same car we
actually drove down here and drove around from person to person to
person picking up all of these servers none of which worked. Putting
them in the back of a car and then we assembled this to we got
essentially to what turned into these Frankin servers that that was what
that was what we originally built CloudFlare on. But the most important
part was Michelle actually showed up talk to these people said hey
here\'s what we\'re thinking building what do you think.

\[00:08:00\] And they were the first people that were giving us feedback
on hey I\'d use it if you did this but I wouldn\'t use it if you did
that and that was that was really what what that that driving around in
your Jetta I think was what kind of got our first. First people using
the service.

\[00:08:14\] Yeah definitely although I also couldn\'t Cozza I had
nothing else to do. So that was a good use of time.

\[00:08:20\] That\'s important. It was like early on we had a
conversation about you know Michelle Michelle\'s background was was in
biochemistry and chemistry and and had worked did you know for Toshiba
and Google and we had Metan in business school. And you know from my
perspective like I knew instantly that she was the sort of person that
really filled in the blanks of the things that I wasn\'t good at. And I
had known Lee for 10 years. And what Michelle did was she just she made
sure we got things done.

\[00:08:57\] And you know what we always talk about is early on people
ask us a couple of things people would ask us if we were dating which
was which was strengthened when we weren\'t and we\'re not and we\'re
not still don\'t say that so hard. Go hang out with Andrew.

\[00:09:22\] So so they asked us that and then the other would they say
they\'d say How do you split up issues and if you\'re sitting in the
audience and you\'re a co-founder team and you\'re fighting about who
does what. I hate to tell you this but you Prai have the wrong
co-founder because like we\'ve I don\'t think we at any of the three of
us have ever been so clear that lead builds the stuff. Michelle make
sure it gets done and I assemble Ikea furniture that that\'s.

\[00:09:50\] You know think of it as a Venn diagram. Back to my science
roots so we and I\'ve used this so many times where you know Matthew Lee
and I were very different we cover so much surface area we have a little
bit of overlap so we share the same vision and we trust one another and
that makes an amazing founding team. And so if you\'ve already picture
cofounders I mean better to have the conversation now than in three
years seriously because again five years in I now understand why
cofounders get into fights and get pushed out of companies because your
role changes and all these different sorts of dynamics happen. So today
you should take a look at my cofounders.

\[00:10:26\] Do we do we cover a lot of surface area. Do we have
different skill sets. And is it somebody that that I trust fundamentally
and that those are really really really important questions to ask
yourself because if so then you\'ve really strong foundation to go for
it. And so I think for us we have we covered a lot of surface area
whereas at first it wasn\'t obvious like that we are good co-founder.

\[00:10:46\] I mean we didn\'t know each other that well we weren\'t
that I mean we knew each other but we weren\'t like best friends not
best friends.

\[00:10:52\] So sure we went to business school together but we were not
we just didn\'t know each other and I did not know me at all.

\[00:10:57\] I knew him through Manoël. At first actually Lee late when
we were starting this he said I understand why we\'re going to work well
but why do we need Michelle. About three months in he said I now
understand why we need Michelle but we\'re not sure why we need you.

\[00:11:11\] Laughter. Thankfully we kept all of us.

\[00:11:15\] But these are the sorts of things where you know again
those decisions early on helped us attract other people to fill in the
gaps where we didn\'t already cover a lot of area and and make progress
early on and again I think you know if you take anything away from today
it\'s as a startup your greatest asset is momentum. You have to make
progress. You have to make progress faster than you\'re the incumbents
in the marketplace and that can mean anything from building a product or
building a community of people who are like following your blog. Or it
can mean just assembling a team that can like building scrap only that
people signed up for and use and that that progress you\'ll start to
gain a lot of momentum around you and that\'s how really big companies
get built.

\[00:12:03\] But it takes a long time and since the decisions that you
make early on end up affecting much later we remember our first first
board meeting. We raised money we went into the first board meeting and
we were like Okay so here\'s the team in and like Michelle is going to
be vice president of user experience and Leo was vice president of
engineering and we were hiring this guy who is Ganem green Payton gay
who was at it was at Facebook and it brilliant on their operations team
at Facebook and we were we were recruiting him out to come work for us
and we\'re like We want to hire this guy who is going to be vice
president of technical operations.

\[00:12:41\] And one of our board members said how many how many people
is this guy hired how many people is this guy fired. Like is this person
really someone who deserves that title. And there are really two schools
of thought on titles.

\[00:12:53\] There\'s there\'s sort of the Marken Dreesen school of
thought which is that when you hire someone there are only so many
different variables that you can play with you can you can increase
their salary you can give them moral equity you can increase their sort
of span of control what it is that it is that they supervise with is
that supervise and give them a bigger title and have all of those
things. The cheapest is title so make everyone you know executive senior
vice president of the earth.

\[00:13:22\] Laughter. Laughter And that\'s and that\'s that\'s one
school.

\[00:13:25\] The other school of thought is the Mark Zuckerberg school
of thought which is when you joined Facebook everyone has to take a step
down so you know a vice president become a director if you\'re a
director you become an associate of your associate. You become a like
Pyon or whatever. And and so and we you know if I think if we had to do
it over again we would just call every one engineer like just I don\'t
care if you\'re doing customer support you\'re in engineering care doing
financer you engineer and Keverian\'s sales is an engineer.

\[00:13:53\] What we didn\'t said though was you know this first morning
we\'re like everyone\'s vice president and the board feedback was
honestly none of you deserved to be vice president. And I remember we
were driving back in Michelle\'s Jeda again from from Palo Alto. And she
said you know honestly I don\'t deserve that title. Lee doesn\'t deserve
that title. We haven\'t fired or hired anyone sometimes you just get rid
of titles and you have to. And you have to appreciate that for a second
how hard that is. As a founder of a company to say that I\'m going to
I\'m actually going to say I don\'t want that but that then set a
precedent where everyone we\'ve hired sense when they say oh I want to
be you know executives senior vice president of whatever I go you know
Michelle is to have a title What do you get one and that has has made
sure that we\'re selecting people who really want to be there. But
fundamentally it also meant that Michelle really had to trust trust me
and trust the rest of the organization so that when it was the right
time and we have now thankfully not fire that many people but hired a
ton and still talked to every single candidate that we hire. That that
now we\'ve earned earn that title.

\[00:15:08\] And so that that early decision that really required a
humility was and it was easy it was easy for me because you know they
were like someone needs to be CEOs.

\[00:15:19\] You have been CEO. But it was really hard for Michelle and
Lee but it was the right thing to do. And that\'s I mean one of the
things I admire the most about Michelle is Michelle has Michelle
Michelle has ego but no vanity.

\[00:15:34\] And that\'s like if you can find people that are like that
you want them to be around you because like a think of how we\'re
building an infrastructure technology startup think about how many
reporters call us every single day saying woman tech infrastructure
technology startup. I want to write a let\'s put that on the cover and
Michelle has always said it\'s the company first.

\[00:15:58\] It\'s not about me. It\'s not about any of that like let\'s
make sure we\'re telling the right story about the company. And again if
you can find people like that to join your founding team those are those
are absolutely people you want.

\[00:16:11\] They\'re out there you can find them apply.

\[00:16:18\] The other thing like I think has been really key to our
success is that there\'s that we have you know while I think we have
sort of a shoe the women in tech story think that having a woman on on
our board and having that for the sake of diversity is is really I mean
we\'re very different people. My last startup there were three of us
that started it. We went to junior high together. We were essentially
three white guys that all had some combination of technology and law and
we fought like cats and it was and it\'s a miracle we even talk to this
day. Whereas you grew up in Canada Lee grew up right here in Cupertino
go Canada.

\[00:17:03\] A lot. High a kind of low vanity high ego great great. I
like Canadians. We\'ll hire lots of names but I think having that that
set of diversity.

\[00:17:14\] I mean I\'m still I\'m so proud of the fact that we walk
around the office and the number of different languages that are being
spoken are are just incredibly diverse and that has so much more of an
effect on on how rich the product is and how we see the rest of the
world in a much more unique way.

\[00:17:35\] We do have a really diverse team and so diversity means
lots of things gender\'s 1 but where they used to work where they grew
up all those sorts of things really matter. And so we\'re web
infrastructure a company that\'s like again that is not something you
just kind of learn night but the number of people on our team that come
from a web infrastructure background it\'s very it\'s it\'s very very
small.

\[00:17:58\] In fact like for the first 25 hires no one did.

\[00:18:02\] And in a way. So some people early on really gave us a lot
of good guy needs go viral Sun Microsystems people and Juniper people
and all these people who really understand how they get are Akamai
people and they are really they are really their investors who really
pressured us to do that. We kind of said we\'re happy you know let us
keep doing our thing. And what I hear now a lot of people is if you are
trying to do something or you know a lot about the industry sometimes
you don\'t check your assumptions enough and it\'s really hard to to to
really find that idea that really works. And so we had a lot of adjacent
experience related to the industry that we\'re doing. We had people who
knew Web security and we really understood developers all these
different sports things and that together has made something magical but
it was a very adjacent industry. And so if you\'re if you\'re in our
seats where you\'re like trying to start something I\'m actually not an
expert in it.

\[00:18:58\] I would say you\'re at an advantage as long as you\'re
interested and you have to actually you have to deeply be like. I\'m
fascinated by this problem. I don\'t feel like I necessarily understand
all the different corners of it but sometimes by not understanding all
of that. Like everyone who competed with us always charge on bandwidth.
We had no idea what we were supposed to do that so we just don\'t. And
as a result you know we\'ve that\'s that\'s been a real key to us
growing as quickly as we have.

\[00:19:25\] We were a bit naive of how hard it would be if we had had
it. We\'ve come up against some very hard technical problems but you
know what they if you\'re looking to hire engineers good engineers want
to work on our technical problems and we\'ve found really great
solutions to those technical problems and that\'s been quarter success
what we always say is okay we can solve this. That just increases the
hurdle for the people that are behind us.

\[00:19:45\] And it is one of the things I\'m struck by when. Because
we\'re in a fortunate position now where a lot of entrepreneurs come to
us for advice and there are a lot of people that gave us advice over the
years so we try and make time for that. But oftentimes the ideas that
come in people try to understand all sort of four corners and have you
from the beginning. And and that\'s mean if you can see all of the
problems probably isn\'t a big enough idea and the reality is it takes
about as much time and about as much effort to build like an iPhone app
that tells people when you\'re running late which is just a really Lugia
ridiculously stupid idea. As it does to build CloudFlare right.

\[00:20:28\] And that\'s and that\'s you know so what you want to work
on and if you\'re an employee which do you want to work on you want to
work on something where you actually can really make a dent in what the
universe is doing.

\[00:20:41\] You know today one out of every 20 web requests 5 percent
of web requests flow through our network. You know it\'s a huge huge
huge organizations rely on us to be available and online. And it is
incredibly stressful. But at least we matter like the word the curse is
if you\'re sitting around and you see people in your organization who
are bored like you. If that\'s true. Start firing people because you
really do like that the somewhat the critique sometimes our team will
will level on us is that you know we always talk about how we\'re
running hot where we want to run incredibly hot based on what it is.
There\'s never been a company in history that\'s done a billion page
views per employee. We do 5 billion. And that\'s really really hard. And
we as a result though we end up attracting some of the most talented
people in the world. Just this week this guy Olafur walks into our
office starts. Turns out he\'s one of seven people in the world that
have done their cryptographic signing of the DNS route.

\[00:21:50\] And he holds one seventh of the DNS key and he says You
guys are doing interesting things I want to come and work there work on
hard things work on big challenges work on things that make you
uncomfortable make it bigger and it\'s going to be hard no matter what
you do. But if if it works you know in one case you\'ve made an iPhone
app that tells people when you\'re running late in the other case you
know you\'ve helped protect democracy in Hong Kong. And you know have
have the government of the UK as a customer and and really do things
that are meaningful and impactful you get to work with really incredible
people.

\[00:22:29\] So again the when you think about the idea you\'re working
on you want to make sure it\'s big and mountain matters because you know
we started someone back and backstage asked Did you really think that
was going to. We\'ve been doing it for five years now. Did you not
realize you were signing up for a five year term and so if you look at
the data the average time to exit whether it\'s acquisition or IPO even
though I know Andrew said don\'t do that. Whatever I\'m less negative on
IPO is eight years average time is eight years. I did not think of that
when I started Clotfelter. And you know what it doesn\'t matter because
I was like This is interesting I\'m signing up for this. I think if
it\'s going to work it\'s going to be amazing if it doesn\'t. I can say
I tried. And so you know don\'t get too hung up on that but do pick
something that you\'re going to like put your blood sweat and tears into
because there\'s definitely a lot of blood sweat and tears.

\[00:23:21\] The crazy thing is that it like early on it\'s a roller
coaster. Yes. And it\'s up and down and up and down and up and down like
by the hour. It\'s no different now. I mean we had a phone call this
morning that didn\'t go particularly well. And we\'re driving down here
going wow that was our finest hour. And then the phone rang again and it
was another phone call and it just completely switched the day.

\[00:23:49\] And that\'s it. This is Saturday. Right.

\[00:23:53\] And and that\'s that\'s just it\'s amazing how how much
going up and down matters and that\'s why you know again coming back to
having other people around you who you really trust and you really value
whether they\'re are cofounders or their investors.

\[00:24:10\] And I think actually that\'s one of the things we\'ve been
really really good at is picking really great investors but having
someone that you can trust and that you that you know when when you do
have the worst of all possible things happen.

\[00:24:25\] You\'re willing to call them up and say say here\'s this
really horrible thing that happened.

\[00:24:30\] What are we talking about is there a litmus test for who we
invite to be on our board which is essentially you know who your
investor is is if you imagine the worst of all possible things that
could happen. And you know in our case that\'s our network gets hacked
and sites on our network get redirected to something else. That\'s
that\'s like our disaster scenario would we. Would we hesitate for a
second calling someone who is on our board and and if the answer is yes
they probably don\'t belong there. Right. And if you have any sort of
Scooby sense about someone who you\'re about to have in as an investor
that like I\'m not sure I really want this person but you know they\'re
going to be me a really high valuation.

\[00:25:11\] Run as fast as you possibly can like in our last round.

\[00:25:15\] We actually took the lowest possible the lowest valuation
that we received which was half of what the what the what the highest
was because we wanted one particular person to be in the boardroom
although we didn\'t actually even technically give them a board seat.

\[00:25:36\] So he stood still is there and he\'s and he\'s incredibly
valuable and I think that that was choosing based choosing based on
surrounding yourself with great people.

\[00:25:46\] Whether again it\'s cofounders employees investors ends up
being so much matter more important over the long term than sort of
saying we\'re going to dial you know. You know I\'m you know maximize on
how much the how much the stock is worth.

\[00:26:01\] Yeah. So if people tell you maximize on valuation the
person doesn\'t matter. That\'s not true. All investors are not created
equal. And you know five years in we\'ve we\'ve we\'ve done three rounds
of fundraising. We\'ve raised over 70 million dollars. We\'ve talked to
a lot of investors people who were have huge brand names you know top
notch they\'re not all created equal.

\[00:26:26\] And so you need to find the what we maximize on and when
again I really strongly encourage you to do is talk to them and find out
what vision for the company is you want to make sure the visions align
how you the ones the Vesta\'s that we have with our visions align. They
want to make the Internet better and that might mean making decisions
today that delay revenue and all these different sorts of things are
growing at a responsible rate. So you know we we as as a board have said
that\'s what we want to do. We\'ve had other investors who again are
really great investors who said Oh you have to go faster you have to
grow faster you have to do it even higher four times no people you\'re
hiring and we\'re just like we don\'t want to do that because we don\'t
think that that\'s responsible. And you get another company might choose
the other and that\'s fine that you want to align if you. But once you
make a decision on who to take money from you. It is very hard to get to
that decision. So it\'s OK to have those conversations upfront. And we
again we\'ve again well-known investors who have gone very far down the
path with energy bringing the board along with you and then you\'ve said
you know we\'re not going to go that way.

\[00:27:30\] We disagree with their vision and you can do that as as
management of your company. And so these are just the sorts of things
that if you pick the right people along the way the other people around
the world say OK well I trust you guys. So that\'s it then we\'re we
back you and let\'s and let\'s find the right partner for us to build
the company into everything it can. And so those are examples of where
people really do matter.

\[00:27:55\] So we\'re out of time out of time. Thank you so much for
tolerating our sort of rambling discussion Gelhaus.
