**Office Hours with Kevin & Qasar at Startup School SV
2014-9cWPxuxqdGQ.mp4**

\[00:00:02\] All right. So my name\'s Kevin Hale. My name is Casser
Eunice and we\'re partners at Y Combinator and what that means really
briefly is that social or not and batch were out there trying to recruit
and talk to as many founders as possible. In addition we read tons of
applications work with the startups as they go through the batch and
then help alumni afterwards. Most of what we do is do tons of office
hours which is what we\'re gonna do here today.

\[00:00:29\] There are four different types of offer office hours that
we do the kind of first one is group office hours. We split the batch in
a kind of subgroups and we meet two partners at a time with like five or
six startups and those startups kind of describe it as a weekly meeting.
They describe kind of what\'s going on in their company. Group officers
are really good in terms of helping you as a founder understand as you
go through see kind of what tempo your company is growing at and also
see that the problems that you encounter as a startup are actually
pretty similar across very different types of companies. The second type
of OFSAA that we do will try to emulate here are individual office hours
that is kind of when you heard the term office are vast multi-year time.
That\'s what we\'re talking about the third type of OFSAA is company
office hours. We\'ll have folks like Apple or Android or whoever come in
Rackspace to beU.S. come in and help companies with technical problems.
And then the last have office hours that we do our investor office
hours. So folks like Secoya Andriessenetc. will come over and they will
talk to companies and that\'s right before Demo date kind of warmed them
up and getting ready for fundraising and for Demo Day. So with that
being said there\'s some other things I think that\'s worth noting about
OFSAA and how to do them effectively.

\[00:01:44\] Well the first thing is obviously what we\'re going to do
here on stage is not normal office hours so we only have 10 minutes with
each company. Usually we don\'t do this with 50 100 people inside of the
room. So 17 and then I think the other thing is we usually have a lot of
contacts with the company. So we have read their applications. We\'ve
got them a couple of times. Usually we\'re diving deep on a problem.
It\'s gonna be a lot more tactical using we won\'t get to do that here.
What we said that all these companies as afterwards we\'ll go and talk
to them a lot more in-depth.

\[00:02:17\] We\'re going to try to avoid creating like a pitch and
response scenario and much more along. Q What are problems that you face
and then trying to kind of dissect them and hopefully get some value out
of them.

\[00:02:28\] The other thing is we try to make everyone sort of
understand really clearly is that in officers our job is not to tell you
what to do. A lot of people come to us and kind of ask us like what
would you do in this stuff. And a lot of times we will tell you our
opinion for sure but it\'s usually what I tell a lot of the startups
that you\'re trying to figure out your own heuristic so that you
ultimately sort of run the company you don\'t need to come back to us
anymore. I think the thing we like to tell people is like you need to
start earning your own equity. Eventually over time there\'s two things
that we like to do when we have office hours to make them as efficient
as possible. The first one is we love companies that know their number
right. You\'ll see a little bit of this today. We\'ll ask tons of
questions like diving into the company to try to figure out really
clearly. Okay. This is where you are and then start getting a sense of
like this is where you need to be your metrics are kind of the heartbeat
of your company.

\[00:03:17\] It\'s always I think off putting if you don\'t know very
basic things because otherwise what are we talking about.

\[00:03:25\] And then the last thing is we always prefer that office
officers you\'re coming to us with a specific problem in hand that you
want to have solved. So if you come to us and you just want to sort of
shoot the shit or just like catch up on the stuff like I\'m going to be
really sort of because like that\'s a really inefficient use of time for
us and for you. Because ultimately you should be like probably working
in your shop and working on whatever growth numbers or KPI that we want
you to be focused on. And then there\'s a clear sign that if you having
multiple office hours with us that we\'re going to be worried if you\'re
repeating yourself so if we talked about something and I talk to you
again like a week later two weeks later seems like we\'re having the
exact same story or say. Right. That is not a good sign for you. The
companies that do the best are usually ones that like everything that we
talked about they went and tried and the other coming back to me say
look this is what worked or like hey Kevin like this is the stuff that
totally didn\'t work. Here\'s the reason why. Then we tried something
else.

\[00:04:15\] OK with that let\'s bring our first company on I think
it\'s divide divide don\'t go Oh we had some slides.

\[00:04:22\] Now obviously they were not that relevant. All right.

\[00:04:30\] Yeah. Give him a round of applause guys a brave for coming
up here.

\[00:04:36\] Thank you. All right so when you\'re in it is yourselves.
Tell us what you do.

\[00:04:40\] I\'m Erin Sheneman William Webb I know is an open source
backing as a service. So we help applications easily connect to a back
and server we handle things such as user registration and management
data storage and querying and okay so far are you guys live or are you
in data watcher. We just launched in a private beta public beta
technically on Monday and so far we only have to endure it at 6 so we
just wanted to the Android device spread it. And so far it\'s going
pretty well.

\[00:05:11\] Use that application.

\[00:05:12\] So is that web applications or mobile applications are
right now it\'s only Android and we\'re going to start working on IWK
soon and we want to do it Schimel 5 in JavaScript as well as open source
pass.

\[00:05:24\] Right exactly. Okay. OK. Well just starting there. Like how
are you guys similar or different from DPAs.

\[00:05:30\] Well the whole reason that we started developing is because
we were using Parr\'s for a few different applications that we were
working on but we kept in running into issues are things that we
couldn\'t do with Parr\'s because you can only do what it allows you
with its API.

\[00:05:42\] So what are some things that you can do that passcode.

\[00:05:44\] Well the main reason or one the main key points of what we
do is divide ideas it\'s completely made to be extendable. So it\'s open
source. So as a developer goes they use it. We try to provide all the
basic API that they would need but if they need to do anything extending
or based off they give me something really specific. It\'s still like
never ever say you have a user sends in data for whatever reason and you
want to do events based off that or if you want to query like another
Web site from your web server doesn\'t give you a really good way to do
that.

\[00:06:13\] One of the big things you do it or they don\'t give you a
good way to do it.

\[00:06:17\] They do give you a way to do it you know more about that
one of JavaScript side.

\[00:06:22\] So before maybe a year and a half ago they released cloud
code which is basically you could create javascript functions that are
you could customize and do things. So every single time you hit one of
those it counts as an API and an API hit and then you go from there and
so it has to be I\'m trying to figure out is like you guys have users
right now some people trying it out and using it.

\[00:06:44\] Yes.

\[00:06:45\] So we don\'t know exactly how many because it\'s open
source and we just launched on Monday. So how many requests are you
serving.

\[00:06:51\] That\'s the thing like we don\'t all day install it
themselves their whole thing but it\'s open source which is kind of the
other I think part of the Open Source pass description. We should
probably discuss what kind of business do you see this becoming because
there are other open source products that become larger businesses. What
do you see happening for you.

\[00:07:08\] So we\'re going to try to do the red hat Mongo DBE model
kind of do consulting services.

\[00:07:15\] So Linux is pretty complicated and used by large
institutions to think super complicated and so hard to use that people
need support and pay for.

\[00:07:27\] Like literally like that\'s that\'s not a good business
model. This is a craft. We will help you figure out what to make it will
be is pretty good.

\[00:07:36\] I mean like from our research we think that companies will
pay for support like they want the option to be able to pick up the
phone and oh are they paying for SAPOL right now. Fragos not not from
us.

\[00:07:47\] Well we know that.

\[00:07:48\] I think because we looked up support hopefully on your site
and it said like go to stack overflow like literally like go to stack
overflow.

\[00:07:57\] Yeah. So we do we do provide like free support because
right now we\'re just trying to build the community.

\[00:08:01\] Yeah. So I think that\'s the first thing. I think for
anything like this especially if we\'re trying to build platform that
you get people excited about you\'re desperate just get people like to
sign up and grow. And you got to figure out how you\'re going to sort of
detect that. But your biggest thing is like I would not put any barriers
to that growth and I\'d be as open as also site will help anyone right
now doing this especially since you guys the thing is in beta currently
right now. Right. Yeah yeah because it has Badda like.

\[00:08:27\] So the reason why it\'s a bit quiet. Yeah. What we wanted
we wanted to wait until we had an IWK too I\'d really like push the fall
launch. But I mean now we kind of okay.

\[00:08:36\] I\'m

\[00:08:36\] just saying like the back end as a service. Right

\[00:08:40\] right. And so the last thing as someone that\'s like
working on something I want to see back in is a surface I\'m going to
build my app on top of the data. Right. And so like that\'s going to
limit growth in lots of different ways. So there\'s all this different
kind of stuff that like you\'ve got to like. And I think like you should
forego because you\'re seeking growth no matter what. And then once you
get a big enough community then you can start saying like oh there\'s
going to be some people who will be who are going to be willing to pay
for dedicated experts. I mean that\'s bet that comes way down the line.

\[00:09:08\] But that\'s scary because it fits so far down the line.

\[00:09:11\] I mean that kind of general mechanics of a company or you
need money to support your your company and then you need to extract
value from whatever ecosystem or extract money from the ecosystem and
that would require for you guys a large community who is dedicated to
divide and then institutions or folks that are willing to pay me their
small or large companies that are willing to pay. That\'s pretty scary
because that could take a long time to get to every sort of any other
alternative other than the RedHat Mungo.

\[00:09:40\] Well eventually we would like to do some type of hosted
solution to directly compete with Pathom in the others but we want to
make it to where it doesn\'t have the same limitations.

\[00:09:52\] So we\'re already like running close to time for this.
Yeah. So just going to end on here. Like your biggest thing is like
you\'ve got to build a community no matter what and that\'s like the
biggest evidence that I as an investor is going to look at for something
like this. Right. Is like getting a sense for how many people are using
it and are you talking terms of users that are trying it like. Has
anybody even asked you guys about to help for the stuff. Yes. So so how
are people using it right now.

\[00:10:17\] From what we can tell. Like I said we just launch on Monday
just with one Reddit post I see. So we have like we have 12. So we have
like 12 people who are part of the beta testing we ask for all their
feedback. And so we\'ve already gotten feedback on our licensing we\'ve
already changed that because we used GPS and we overlook that. You\'re
supposed to open source everything when you use GPL library. So we
change license. We got feedback on our Web site.

\[00:10:43\] That\'s good. I mean that\'s that. That is like that is
definitely the right attitude I mean the analogy is kind of when you\'re
building an early stage company you\'re kind of like in this dark cave
and every piece of feedback whether structured unstructured you can get
from you know your or community like in forums where you should go
within rather than just kind of had long running it. So I think that\'s
a great great start but it\'s certainly a reliable.

\[00:11:07\] Yeah so just getting as many people sign up as possible and
like figure out like Who are the first 100 people that are going be
super dedicated and have built like something cool with it because those
are going to be the examples that inspires all the rest.

\[00:11:17\] And I also I really would push on these support as a
business model assumption by trying even at the beginning to offer some
support and see if someone I mean it\'s it\'s certainly early but you
should test that assumption.

\[00:11:32\] All right guys thanks.

\[00:11:33\] Klaus have already lost the clicker.

\[00:11:42\] The next company is coo owner who owner if you forget it\'s
on their shirts. Similarly can you guys introduce yourselves and then
what do you do. Yes I\'m chairman we\'re from Monterrey Mexico. And I
was in the same.

\[00:12:05\] So what we do is a corner which is a mobile app that it\'s
for building your shopping list. And what we do is we\'ll leave virtual
information on prices deals and location of products that are much more
specific than you say.

\[00:12:18\] It\'s a mobile app for building your shopping list. So when
I open it up do you see what I see.

\[00:12:23\] You have to build your shopping list or you can copy pasted
from the for instance your iPhone notes app or.

\[00:12:29\] Why wouldn\'t I just use my like hosted or iPhone or
notepad.

\[00:12:34\] The difference is that we have all the information on the
prices location of products inside a store and deals. So it\'s actually
like almost any regular shopping list you intelligent Yeah. So we help
people save time and money when grocery shop.

\[00:12:44\] I\'m trying to think so I put my things as a list and the
next thing you spit out to me is a bunch of stores that the prices of
all those items like you have you your preselected store.

\[00:12:54\] Where were you getting to know that the worst thing I see
is I saw your story but I mean for example if you get into another store
you\'ll automatically switch to the store you read through shopping
list. Okay so just like location based. Yes is location based. And
immediately they will show you deals for you based on that.

\[00:13:11\] So I first have to download the app then I put out
information. Where are you just to kind of peel back what you guys are
doing. We\'re already getting all that inventories and pricing
information.

\[00:13:21\] So we are depending on the retailer like we have some
agreements with some retailers back in Mexico with some other because
they have the power in the industry although they want it for themselves
like they like. Okay I love it but I don\'t want my competitors in. So
we kind of bypassed that by using bots and updating information. So
you\'re scraping their websites. Some of them some of the retailers
those retailers already are free of some scraping some eyes.

\[00:13:47\] But that information the prices are different from the Web.

\[00:13:51\] In the case like the stores were working like depending on
the store each store is different in the same street and depending which
is the store that deliver you the product you have the price of that you
get as mesons right now.

\[00:14:03\] Yes. So how many users.

\[00:14:06\] And so we have over 11000 users and we started anywhere
where you guys launch are you in Monterrey Mexico Oman or Mexico City.

\[00:14:15\] So basically yeah we\'ve learned a lot. Like for example
the first month like we bleated users and then we started to see like
people started to love more the prices and the deals. And our cohort
Ghab started to stabilize much higher.

\[00:14:28\] So like to make an example of you I apologize ahead of time
you said like you know I get this all the time a lot of startup founders
come and talk to me like I was like you know how\'s your sort of user
growth what have you like one specific number like we have 11000 users.
For us especially at Y. I\'m interested more like acceleration versus
like a specific velocity. Right. I mean you want to know was right. What
is the rate of growth right now.

\[00:14:53\] So yeah for the past six months actually our rate has been
nine point five percent.

\[00:14:58\] We a week if we kind of like Focus on where we\'re not
we\'re users hearing about this app.

\[00:15:03\] So initially we would do through our network in Mexico and
then we have a lot of French 11000. Then we started doing some other
type thing like Facebook ads and testing which kind of message work
better and actually spent an acquisition for instance it goes between
point one to point four dollars per per user.

\[00:15:24\] Okay. In total you spend like 10 Holling every dollar you
spent you\'re going to get up to 10 years.

\[00:15:29\] Okay sorry. How engaged are they. Like how often are they
making the LIST. So our active users users2.8 times a month. But what
percentage of users that are active that\'s 36 percent.

\[00:15:39\] Okay. And for instance about the top 20 out of those 36
percent the top 25 users over five times a months so it\'s more than
once a week.

\[00:15:48\] So one question I have is do you actually get anyone to
switch what products they buy or change anyone\'s behavior because like
that\'s the goal right. If you have something that shows people prices
for staff are showing them some kind of thing this is ultimately going
to be recommendation slash data play. And so I\'m wondering do you have
any evidence that like someone to decide to shop somewhere else or buy a
different product as a result of looking at your app.

\[00:16:08\] Yes. So goal in the end is to empower people with
information to make wise decisions when grocery shopping and save money.

\[00:16:15\] Are they your ultimate customer like you people banks.

\[00:16:18\] How are you as a business making money. Yeah so we\'re
actually making money from brands because like we initially tried to get
from retailers but they are very long cycles and yeah they had a power
but brands love us because we allow them to reach the right customer at
the right time and leveraging their purchase without leveraging that
location the store that we go.

\[00:16:36\] And so yeah that\'s what we\'re doing.

\[00:16:38\] I do want to go back to the data question only because
it\'s so critical and this is growing so you are scraping stores. And
when what happens if they don\'t have any online presence.

\[00:16:50\] No we don\'t have those stores. Yeah we only have like for
example in Mexico we have Wal-Mart of Mexico Parama so you can be
retailers or other stores only.

\[00:16:58\] Yes it\'s not hype when you use the example of down the
street there\'s a lot of retailers you\'re actually not in a lot of
retailers are just in one. No

\[00:17:05\] we\'re we\'re we\'re like five of the big stores throughout
Monterrey Mexico City and we actually started with a small store because
most of us wanted to buy we\'d found out that it\'s different. It\'s
difficult to scale.

\[00:17:19\] So

\[00:17:19\] we all the stores first and then go have you found that
users have a hard time remembering that your app exists and you have the
statistics to activate what about the 64.

\[00:17:30\] Yes actually like for every like every happens two months
that they haven\'t used it we sent an email to. Why haven\'t you used
us.

\[00:17:38\] Laughter Yeah.

\[00:17:40\] They\'ve been saying like okay you have my story out at my
store and whenever we have a new little chain usage grows and also like
okay I\'m not the guy that goes grocery shopping in my house. So that\'s
also so it\'s targeting a beginning. We target everybody because we want
to see who sticks. I know.

\[00:17:55\] Yeah. So Ultimate customers say your brand so how\'s that
going with them. How are you attracting the first brands and how are you
like growing sort of the brands who are your real customers.

\[00:18:04\] So we have like through our personal network we have we
have experience with consumer products and we have like connections
there but then actually when we started we send a newsletter with
benefits the brand some stars have come out to us about how effective it
is like.

\[00:18:21\] I\'m sorry how effective is like advertising on your
platform. Yeah. So exactly.

\[00:18:25\] I mean if so let\'s say I\'m timelessly in Mexico City.
What am I buying.

\[00:18:30\] Yeah. So it\'s basically two things. One is the advertising
like targeted advertising and the other is the analytics because we give
them an analytics on the top of mind. Like even for the person we
haven\'t seen the app they say okay this works. For instance this Coke
is over Pepsi and it\'s over in our products purchased. So we give given
this right now like we were surprised like they like this brand
awareness information and the effectiveness of the advertising. We still
need to prove that right.

\[00:19:00\] So what are your biggest problems right now.

\[00:19:03\] So we have several problems right. I like challenges ahead.
One of them is like we\'ve been focusing on stickiness right now. We
also want to even grow more viral. That\'s one issue and we\'ve been
doing it by improving the product having a better cook.

\[00:19:21\] So when you say that you want to be really clear. Like why.
Why is it are you doing the thing that you\'re doing while focusing
whatever attention. Yes. So what is the underlying reason is because is
this what your customers the brands and stuff.

\[00:19:33\] Yes the brands like they want us to have more more users.
We love it. Okay so we kind of went to brands to kind of proof of
concept to kind of clear out some assumptions. But now our focus is go
go huge with the users in order to have a better offer.

\[00:19:47\] The biggest issue is definitely 11000 users in the next
hundred years.

\[00:19:52\] That\'s our goal.

\[00:19:55\] Okay. So and then on the on the retailer side what are you
guys going to do about growing from beyond Mexico City. Yeah how do you
expand the kind of data input.

\[00:20:04\] So we have like we have networks of as we said so we\'re
going to continue topping them. We actually have some new investors that
are very good in that network. But after that we have to be like a
marketplace where why would you need.

\[00:20:19\] I mean you guys are just so just to talk to them to get
access to their API.

\[00:20:23\] Is that why now in order to go to connect us two trials.
Right. And then after that in order to grow you have to be like a
marketplace where the brands can do their campaigns without us like
right now and we\'re doing it intentionally we\'re learning what is what
their brands are.

\[00:20:42\] Yeah. Yeah I understand that. But the thing is like you
don\'t build a market place to grow right where you got to do is like
grow all the user\'s stuff and then you build the marketplace to make it
more efficient. Yeah right. So like the only focus is like I don\'t get
as many users as possible right now know it\'s because the brands will
just come to like whoever has all the users. That\'s right. So like you
just figure out the supply side. Yes. And then you can worry about
demand. Yeah like obviously there it seems like an it\'s insight which
is good. Yeah. So for that what I\'m trying to think of is what is the
mechanics for growth right now. Like how are people hearing about your
app like downloading. Clearly they just sell some facebook and stuff
like that. Is it cost effective acquirers.

\[00:21:22\] Yeah for a while we have been paying like that but that is
just amazing.

\[00:21:27\] Doesn\'t that form really doesn\'t make sense. Temme users
for a dollar is because not all 10 users end up staying right here.
Yeah. Yeah. It\'s like a third of that efficiency. Yes. And that
doesn\'t really scale in the long term because if you equate that to the
amount of print dollars that we spent for those limited users is going
to be throwing a lot of money out and you hope to get to the point where
you don\'t have to advertise but there\'s nothing fundamentally in the
product which would get you away from that interesting. So it is
structurally setting up the product to continue to lose money which is
that really doesn\'t apply here.

\[00:22:03\] But for instance like Target like water pricing is based on
what they currently pay for in-store market. Yeah no we\'re not like so
we\'re comparing to Internet like Internet standards of advertising
where much higher like much cheaper.

\[00:22:17\] I mean we\'re totally out of time. Yeah. Yes it\'s great
that you\'re going for brands and I think that\'s what makes sense.

\[00:22:22\] And I think the biggest thing is you\'ve got to figure out
like what is this trigger that gets people to say like oh when I need to
have a shopping list I got to figure out what\'s the best prices for
stuff like how do I think of how to do that. How do you get by current
users to tell other people about it. Sounds like the only thing that you
should be focused on right now is paid acquisition is one of those
things where it\'s like everything else already works. And when we add
peedee acquisition to it it\'s like the gasoline Yeah it\'s great. All
this other stuff doesn\'t work then and you\'re throwing like water. And
yes we do have organic growth. Awesome. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks so
much utility API.

\[00:23:03\] And our next start up is utility API applause.

\[00:23:11\] OK I want you guys instructions on what you do.

\[00:23:14\] I\'m Aleena Lucas CEO and I\'m Dana Resler CTO and utility
API.

\[00:23:21\] We solved data problems for new energy companies. So we
work with utilities and solar companies to automatically download Bill
history and we reduce the cost of customer acquisition and customer
management. This is the unsold area.

\[00:23:35\] Also so how do you guys reduce the cost of customer
acquisition. So previous to this I was a project manager for a solar
company and the first thing you have to do whenever you go out to a
customer and say hey do you want to buy solar. You ask them for their
history and that\'s a very painful and time consuming process of trying
to figure out.

\[00:23:51\] So your customers are people who provides like solar panels
for people in homes or what have you. Yeah not consumers right now.

\[00:23:57\] I\'ve been B2B SAS. Okay. Well with you guys like the other
office hours we sent it to different we\'re gonna do something different
we need to do a UI review of your site right.

\[00:24:09\] Man there\'s no turning back. All right.

\[00:24:15\] All right. There we are. This is already too far ahead. How
do I go back in this thread. Oh there\'s no there\'s no red button
there\'s only one for us. All right fantastic. So this is utility Apin
sorry we got if they\'re going to screw back and look. Look around here.
Came out to start actually. So utility API. This is this is the Web. So
we\'re going to just go through the product and the landing page that we
go through the product and Kevin is going to get feedback. So this is
something we do very frequently at office hours. Like I said it\'s very
technical.

\[00:24:44\] So let\'s start off. So first thing this is utility. If you
look at this tagline download the utility build and usage data fast with
your intro makes a lot of sense.

\[00:24:56\] Right. And I\'m your customer or anything that is not
listed on there.

\[00:25:00\] So I was like Yeah the first thing we look at this I really
need to be very very frank I went through the entire product. Everything
will go through. And I finally then figured out what you guys actually
did. And that\'s probably not a good thing.

\[00:25:12\] So the first thing is like when people come to Web site all
these questions they got to ask to figure out like where I\'m going to
stay here or not. So it\'s like what is it. Is it right for me. Where
can I get help. How much does it cost. What\'s the catch and all that
stuff. So all the answers have to be sort of answered.

\[00:25:26\] So they\'re like really kind of a good rule of thumb as
when you land on this within milliseconds you understand very quiet
clearly as a user who is the site for. Is it for me as a consumer and
what as a site what is this product going to offer. And that\'s a you
missed on both of those.

\[00:25:41\] But I will say this you have a great name right. Because
like my assumption was what you guys ended up describing right. But as I
said I went to the site I just got like maybe I\'m wrong in what I
thought yeah. Let\'s get go. So scrolling down we see we see next slide.

\[00:26:00\] There we are. What is utility apre. There\'s a wall of text
and some generic images. So the first thing I\'ll be very honest with
you I didn\'t read any of that.

\[00:26:12\] I know.

\[00:26:13\] I knew I was doing this review and it was still wasn\'t
enough to get me to actually read something other people. Five seconds
let\'s go to the next thing.

\[00:26:22\] So I mean you just got to get that over and over again.
Like what. What people are going to want to know. And I think right away
is going to be a utility API very obviously is an API for you get access
to people\'s utilities bills. Who wants access to that. Oh probably
solar companies or people who want to build on top of the power grid
with modern technologies. Right. So what we do is we abstract all the
way that\'s authentication of getting that billing data and turned into
an asshole query basically for you.

\[00:26:48\] Right. And in that short sentence it helped me out but that
doesn\'t have any of that there.

\[00:26:53\] The other I mean I think a good rule of thumb a good rule
of thumb. I\'m sorry. Yes I would do this and run seventeen hundred
people it\'s a lot easier just than in a room.

\[00:27:03\] The other thing is you know a good rule of thumb when
you\'re building landing pages is anytime you\'re tempted to put up like
clipart. It\'s probably doesn\'t need to be there. That\'s like the
clipart almost never as providing any type of information which is
valuable for those few milliseconds of scrolling down. So I don\'t know.
Two blue silhouettes shaking hands I don\'t know what that\'s telling
me. All right continuing on. So this is the first time where I had some
understanding of what you guys actually did these are actual use cases.
But the problem is I clicked on the use cases linked to using the euro.
It doesn\'t say whose cases are actually in the title. And so then you
know that\'s a little bit more processing we weren\'t going to copy
details here. Some of the copy could actually use work like the maybe
the headers shouldn\'t be distributed solar energy tools and you
fishermen literally the customers that are actually using the product
because then I can quickly and I\'m one of those people I\'m an SUV.

\[00:27:58\] You\'re a developer trying to build.

\[00:28:01\] You know I\'m a utility company\'s project manager. I could
see this. So you\'re actually putting the people who are actually part
of the use cases as as you\'re going to get that transfer information
that much faster. Finally getting to the further down this is probably
the most confusing part of the page. Only after reviewing this a couple
of times that I realize that these are actually not comparisons with
each other. One is a fifty dollar a one time charge and the other is a
five dollar monthly because I kept thinking there\'s like an order of
magnitude difference in pricing so I must be missing something in these
like this right. And there\'s only one difference in the checklist which
is the first check.

\[00:28:39\] Right. So it just takes too long to figure that out. And
like what you say is you\'re telling the difference is like how you use
it is how it\'s different. Right. But what you really need to do is tell
me why it would be appropriate for me. Right. So it\'s like hey do you
need to one time grab all the billing data from from one of your
customers. Right. This is the one you need. Oh do you need to have
continuous access to your customers data. This is the one you need.

\[00:29:02\] So that should be the only thing that is sort of a punch
line here is the way you display information especially in pricing
dramatically impacts the way people relate to.

\[00:29:12\] Is this for me. Which one of these options that I pick. And
you put it this way it really is like a comparison between one or the
other. Also just don\'t like it may be easy to deduce information you
agreed with Xs rather than exactly the same.

\[00:29:23\] You know my my gut tells me like what I would do is just
say like hey we offer two different products right. And every company
might have to use need to only use one or did you use both.

\[00:29:34\] OK. So continuing on. Further down the page.

\[00:29:38\] Oh I love it. He\'s being smart.

\[00:29:41\] That\'s the way that this could be worth all the way to be
whereas if you had like a picture of a globe and it was the region that
you were precisely who this tiny we have this little coverage in this
vast vast markets.

\[00:29:59\] So like this zoom in to California and then you\'re like oh
sure these guys are really pretty big they\'re all in California.

\[00:30:08\] Yeah. Percent of all electricity and 10 percent of theU.S.
Cool World.

\[00:30:14\] You don\'t make it look like 10 percent.

\[00:30:19\] Again I\'m going to reiterate the harshness. We don\'t mean
to say this raises a great feedback thank you. Now let\'s jump into the
product itself.

\[00:30:28\] You sent me a. You sent me a code. I put it in. And this is
what I land into.

\[00:30:34\] This is you have a question for you. What\'s the most
important thing you want people to do on this page click the Add new.

\[00:30:41\] Oh. I knew the tiniest link there. So I actually went back
to your e-mail because I was like this is I have no idea maybe this is
the whole product I\'m just looking at it and then you have this simple
12 step simple 12 step process through how to demo your product. So.

\[00:31:00\] The two points are like 12 steps of the law a lot.

\[00:31:04\] The other point is all of this should be built into the
product so you know very quickly add new is the goal or add services to
the fourth item on there.

\[00:31:12\] So that is what our friends are just design wise. Right.
The thing that looks like a button that\'s the thing that actually
activates the page I\'m on my services right and if I click on that it
just refreshes the page. Yeah. And then add new of course. You know the
two tiniest link on. Yes. This is like they my my my recommendation is
you just start on add new. Yeah. You know they don\'t have any. You\'re
just going to jump right in.

\[00:31:35\] So the way Kevin actually dealt with this he really thought
those were tabs. And so he\'s saying oh well wait this is like my SO
really we were really pretty lost here. So anyways we actually click add
new I just zoomed in on if you guys can see for the for the value this
is probably how big it should be.

\[00:31:53\] Well it\'s fairly massive do it. Laughter.

\[00:31:58\] And so finally I click add new fire there\'s a bit of a lag
here on the clicker and I\'m sent to this is nice because it tells me
very clearly there\'s a couple of steps that I have to do. I click step
in the dropped on actually click on demo as you told me in the e-mail.

\[00:32:16\] And what you guys might have not noticed when I clicked on
demo a third step appeared underneath but it\'s below the page fold so I
didn\'t know it until I\'d retry it. And so these are things that so the
kind of general the takeaway here is what\'s happening in real life in
front of you guys is we\'re like users who are using this who have no
context about what the product is. A lot of times when founders design
their products they\'re using terms and interactions which they\'ve
already kind of they\'ve already cash in their mind and so they\'re like
oh of course well you know clearly someone is going to be picking the
utility you\'re going to be and the you know.

\[00:32:53\] Yeah. So at this point I was like almost like Wait is this
for more for consumers or what have you like. I didn\'t realize like
this is a demo. This is what you could avoid as a developer and just
nothing was explicit.

\[00:33:03\] And at this point you\'re probably thinking this is will we
develop the API. Where\'s the documentation and why documented because
it wasn\'t on the home page.

\[00:33:10\] I feel like for every API company the biggest thing you
need to understand as an API the interface is documentation right.
That\'s the thing you need to get people most excited about and it
actually is when we went through docs. Those are great.

\[00:33:23\] There are tons of examples and you show up on Nightline on
your on your applause there\'s no link to the documentation from your
line but it\'s totally intentional because it is a B2B it\'s the
document.

\[00:33:42\] But the thing is like Yeah there\'s no what you want to do
is sell them upfront. Right. This is what you get the actual product.

\[00:33:51\] Yeah. Even if you beat a beat let\'s say you\'re in a pay
or some sort of app that that would not be an excuse not to show
screenshots of the application that\'s your site to think about like how
do people buy services like this.

\[00:34:00\] And it\'s going to be someone at the bottom level of who\'s
a developer who\'s like hey I need to solve a problem. Searches were
like Whatever Pompey\'s and like your documentation is going to be rich
with stuff that\'s going to easily be findable. But also you can search
look at really quick you say OK. You know I think this is what I sort of
need. Now I\'ll go in and sign up and like go through all the trouble.
Figure all this stuff out because like this interface what I didn\'t
realize until I read the docs is that this is an example right. This is
an example of like how to use their API and connect to all this stuff.
This is an example of something that developers could build right so in
the top right.

\[00:34:32\] Every

\[00:34:32\] page you can download a Jason format of this particular
page and on the aged Hammell if you just change that the DOT Jason
it\'ll be the Jason implementation of that page.

\[00:34:42\] So not now brought in an example here a demo example What
should I press I should hit activate correct. Luckily that was the only
button that I saw so I did hit it and then it brings in essentially fake
data and it says 13 bills over 96 time intervals and then I really
didn\'t know what to do here I clicked on PTF and actually saw oh
there\'s a demo Bell and that\'s really what you want to get users to it
too. I think the key takeaway here is just in workflow. You know it
really took a long time to get cut to just to see that users will do one
tenth of the effort that we did to try to understand it. And yeah yeah
exactly. And then the last thing here is the actual documentation done
very well. So or as well as I think like I would do everything you
can\'t put that front and center and use that as your selling point.

\[00:35:32\] We\'re out of time. That\'s how we get.

\[00:35:38\] Coming up here.
