**Reid Hoffman at Startup School SV 2014-nef6uTa2a5w.mp4**

\[00:00:02\] Thank you for coming to get started. I wanted to just ask
you about how LinkedIn got funded so let\'s see.

\[00:00:13\] I\'ll give this even. I know it come back on time. The
slightly longer answer because it\'s entertaining. So in September of
2000 Peter Teil Max Levchin Loopt Nosik and I did an off site at my
grandparents house and Gualala California where were like Okay how do we
say PayPal because in August of 2009 burned 12 million dollars in one
month without any revenue with an exponentiation cost line. And that
worked out fortunately that was day one. Day two was if this blows up we
will have created a mushroom cloud of 200 million plus in venture
capital going to zero. And so you know we might as well do something
together.

\[00:00:50\] So we pitched each other our best ideas and an earlier
version of LinkedIn was one of them for me. And then they three went on
for a hike and then before we come back to work.

\[00:01:03\] And then what happened is we sold PayPal to eBay in October
of 0 2 and Silicon Valley had gone crazy then which is they\'d basically
concluded that consumer unit the classic pattern for investing in the
last few decades had been you have one big tech wave and everyone runs
out to get the big companies the most tech ways and then that tech wave
goes away and there\'s a new one whether it\'s networking equipment you
know you know medical staff or enterprise software or clean tech or
anything else and anyone including consumer and it was over.

\[00:01:39\] Right. So they said I was on Google eBay you know Yahoo.
These are dead that we read on that net now anyway. And what I realized
was actually in fact the consumer and it was just starting. And in fact
the social platforms were kind of a key thing and so I said well
actually in fact the links and ideas that works so as opposed to taking
a year off I took three weeks off and then started working on Linka.

\[00:02:03\] What about that idea about the particular idea Lincoln had
made you sure at least highly convicted enough that it was going to work
in this world where everyone had given up on consuming it.

\[00:02:14\] Well so I actually think that if you have had a m at the
back of the napkin stage you have a high conviction that\'s going to
work you\'re mostly deluding yourself. But self-delusion is a positive
attribute in many entrepreneurial circumstances.

\[00:02:31\] And so for me it was I tend to think in terms of economic
ecosystems like how the world should be out frequently a mistake and
plans as well. If all you know hundreds millions people using it as this
product would be awesome. The real question is how you get the first
million Muza because if you don\'t get the first million then the
hundreds of millions that it never happens. Now being said is like OK.
Everyone should have a public professional identity. That should all be
open and transparent. That should be a platform by which you navigate
how you work and your work life that should exist. And there are a bunch
of cultural things against it. There\'s a bunch of people just kind of.
When you explain that idea even today they scratch their head and go oh
I didn\'t really think about it that way. Right. And so what gave me
conviction was because there was a lot less noise back then that one
could start a idea like this where most people even today don\'t really
fully understand how to use the tool. Then you can slowly build and ramp
to that which is much harder in an environment where it\'s noisy and
tons of things are happening.

\[00:03:37\] How did you get the first million or even the first
thousand users Rillington.

\[00:03:41\] So first thousand was easy. We just sent out like 13 people
who are working at the company at the time kind of sent out invitations.
And that ended up at a rate of 2000 per week which of course is nothing
them. In it. Probably the key thing that we innovated we were the first
people to do this. That then caused the growth curve to change was
upload your address book and see who else you knew was on LinkedIn.

\[00:04:11\] Because what we\'re thinking about what was the problem
that people were trying to solve when they showed up. Is this an
interesting place. Are there interesting people here as you know should
I be here. Well one of the primary questions is who else is here. And so
that was the quickest way to do that. Once they went Oh Sam\'s here and
so forth then they go OK. Let me invite some other people let me check
this out.

\[00:04:30\] And so that essentially changed our growth curve and
without that we probably would have we would be here we had that off
site when PayPal was burning tautly dollars a month. An explanation an
expert that was 12000 in August. Right. And you pitched LinkedIn as your
best startup idea what WiMax and Peters best ideas.

\[00:04:49\] Laughter I\'m not allowed to say. I\'ll take the Fifth.

\[00:04:57\] All right.

\[00:04:59\] You know we\'re talking a little bit before we started
about some of the current myths of Silicon Valley entrepreneurship and I
thought that was really interesting so maybe you could talk about some
of those.

\[00:05:07\] So there\'s a bunch of means going around in the valley in
the last three to five years that I think were actually harmful. So how
you think about these things. So for example one of them is let\'s start
with that actually a open capital market is a good thing for
entrepreneurs.

\[00:05:30\] And by the way it\'s not and it\'s a terrible thing. But as
entrepreneurs. Basically if the problem of an open capital market is
they always think about in terms just my startup like me. So there\'s
more capital that\'ll make my job easier. The problem is is if you now
have is a function of open capital market 5 x the number of companies
competing with you. Not just for your actual products but for talent for
relevancy for breaking signal through the noise and all the rest of it.
Actually in fact if you do a historical analysis over the last 50 years
and you say when are the majority of the of the game changing companies
founded there actually in downturns because they have enough time to
have a ramp to agree to a whole bunch of stellar talent around the time
starting and so forth. And so actually open capital markets are actually
not the ideal time to be starting company unless you have an idea that
you or your you know you simply couldn\'t get finance otherwise. And you
know look you start the company when you want to start the company.

\[00:06:31\] Another myth would be that before we leave that one what
should founders do if they\'re starting a company in times like these to
best counteract that.

\[00:06:40\] So there\'s two or three strategies. So one of them is you
really have to think about how do you break through the noise. Right. So
the number of companies that really matter every year is probably
between zero and 5 right in terms of like the industry change. So if you
look at an audience like this which is what 14 other people. Seventeen
hundred people. You say it\'s an average of two founders per. Companies
presume everyone\'s doing it. You get 850 in the room. Right. And so
then that\'s only the people who here let alone everything else. And so
the question is is how do you break through the noise is a really really
key thing whether it\'s financing talent aggregation go to marketetc. so
that then becomes a central problem. So one of them is is to say well do
something very contrary. Do something that is kind of like not like
where people say well you know it\'s it\'s it\'s Air B and B but for
dogs right.

\[00:07:34\] You know that kind of thing is not the kind of thing to do
generally right.

\[00:07:39\] As a very rare that does ever become the big company.

\[00:07:41\] Yes extremely rare. The second thing would be is to look
quare really look where there\'s one of the reasons why both you and I
are fans of Peter\'s question of you know what do you believe that other
people don\'t. But look where other people really aren\'t right whether
it\'s you know hard science or if it was two and a half years ago
Bitcoin you knowetc. You know those sorts of things were actually
something could be really bigger because by the way if you end up being
right you end up having access to the town. That\'s really that\'s
really focused on that you have a ramp to actually get a whole bunch of
stuff and get a big headstart from other possible competitive efforts
and these sorts of things.

\[00:08:23\] And then I think the last is to really focus on the not
while like my earlier comment about self-delusion is one of the
paradoxes entrepreneurship as you do these kind of two things that are
in contradiction in balance.

\[00:08:40\] So

\[00:08:40\] one of them is you actually want to have some self-delusion
like yes I\'m sure I can make it work. On the other hand you want to be
asking yourself everyday. Every week is my confidence is going up or
down and if it\'s not going up what do I need to do and learn and pivot
in order to get in order to have it and doesn\'t have to be that goes up
every week. Pape how linked in. We\'ve had weeks every valuable startup
has a has. Weeks and months of Valley of the shadow which is why did I
ever think this was a good idea. And so that happened. So the conference
can go down that\'s fine but you get the part of the reason you\'re
asking the question is in order to know what problem do I need to tackle
aggressively to think that I\'m on the right path.

\[00:09:23\] All right so back to the myths.

\[00:09:24\] OK. So like another one frequently tends to be so
entrepreneurs tend to treat financing rounds as a combination of. Well
the highest possible valuation is the most expression of I\'m succeeding
and or I\'m loved and valued and the absolute most amount of capital.
Because you know why isn\'t two dollars better than one dollar kind of
thing. Both of those are subtle mistakes. It\'s not to say that
valuation doesn\'t matter. Not to say that the amount of dollars
doesn\'t matter. But let\'s take the dollars 1 for some dollars one the
kind of question is frequently what you really want to do is you want to
raise more money than you think you need in order to get to a milestone
where that milestone makes a very big difference in the company. I have
yet to see the company that it\'s actually like literally anywhere in
all of my experience where if you weighs way too much capital you
actually get ineffective in the way you operate it. It changes a certain
level of sharpness and the way you think and so you don\'t want to go
like if you said well I need 10 Rayson 15 or 20 is fine don\'t raise 50.

\[00:10:32\] The track record of these companies they raise these like
30 million dollar rounds is their first casualty. Awful.

\[00:10:37\] Yeah it\'s completely. Every single one trainwreck. Right.
And so it\'s kind of like yes I need this amount of money and I\'ll do
it I\'ll give myself some cushion but that\'s it. And then I really
focus and the whole team is UNILORIN not because one of the problems it
happens is not just you as a founder it\'s your whole team going oh you
got an extra 20 or 30 in the bank so it\'s ok. This month the metrics
and our confidence didn\'t go up so we got a lot of time to figure this
out. We don\'t right because the money isn\'t what actually gives you
the time it\'s the market.

\[00:11:06\] There\'s the question of time how much did Lincoln raise in
its first round.

\[00:11:09\] We raised four point seven million or so.

\[00:11:13\] And was there a particular milestone you were trying to hit
with that.

\[00:11:16\] Yes. That particular milestone that we were ironic because
part of what you do in a financing strategy is when you\'re raising
money.

\[00:11:21\] And I you know you published a series B decoupling in some
of us if you have not seen this read published his series bedeck for
LinkedIn and we make all we see founders raising be around look at it
you should definitely check it out.

\[00:11:32\] So part of what you when you\'re doing this round of
finance and you need to be thinking about the next round of financing.
And part of that is what condition what range of outcomes can I get to
then make that next round of financing work. And for us it was when we
raised our series A It was during a time Friendster and so everyone was
like okay you\'re kind of like Friendster but for business and we don\'t
really get what you are.

\[00:11:54\] Well we wanted to be as our top goal which we got to was we
wanted to clearly establish a separate category of professional network
from Friendster that we were the market leader in.

\[00:12:06\] We actually knew that even though our classic thing is well
you revenue. We said no we\'re going to punt on revenue we\'ll do
revenue post series B. Right. They said well you should have really
really clear use cases is that we should have some inroads. But but we
don\'t have to have them all we only have to have some of them in terms
our. And so we get really focused on this is what we\'re gonna do
because if we can solve that problem no other problem worked. So which
problem really matters. That then raises the confidence from us and from
the investors and then we can do a good series B.

\[00:12:37\] Any other myths you want to talk about before we move on to
the next topic.

\[00:12:43\] Let\'s say there\'s a stack. And here\'s one that I think
is actually pretty good irrelevant since what I\'m normally asked to
invest in. I say networks are marketplaces because those are the kinds
of things that I know very well.

\[00:12:53\] And I think there\'s still a ton of opportunity in them.

\[00:12:56\] However one of the things that people frequently think is
network equals network effect. Right. They say it is a network and I can
describe it as a network. It has a network effect. That\'s actually not
true right now in terms of a tautology and equations statement. And the
reason is is precisely what makes something of the network effect is the
more nodes that you have in the system. In this case usually people that
it raises the value of the system in a super linear value proposition
that then makes leaving more and more you know like oh this is the place
I do this this is really what it\'s valuable to do that marketplaces ah
ah ah I think the clearest example of this because essentially is like
well I\'m offering this kind of good for sale or for rent or anything
else and and all the buyers who are looking for the broad distribution
what\'s possible are coming here. Will you go to where the distribution
of buyers are the buyers go to where the sellers are the seller go with
the buyers. And so it becomes very difficult to trade off in that I
think payment networks can have. I think you know social networks don\'t
have that.

\[00:14:04\] I think there\'s all but but just because you say I have a
network doesn\'t mean you have a network at I want to talk a little bit
about you as an investor and sort of what you mentioned a few things
throughout this but you know a founder says I want Reid Hoffman to
invest in my startup. What do you need to get convinced of.

\[00:14:25\] So let\'s see. It\'s always a little bit idiosyncratic. So
for example I\'m always more interested in that great idea that I
haven\'t thought of. So we might say networks in marketplaces those are
things I\'m interested in but it\'s it\'s really a fact a great
entrepreneur with a really fascinating idea. Frequently it\'s cannot get
to the scale of millions to hundreds of millions of people. Does it
actually in fact when it defines that desire to find a new aspect of
human human ecosystem that changes individuals lives and the groups
lives in a positive vector. And is it the way the world should be. Then
you get to okay. Does the initial plan for how to possibly get a strong
shot on that goal work and are the is the team and the founders the
people that you know have a good shot at that. That\'s roughly what the
shape of it looks like. And it\'s the more that it has the like for
example when I started LinkedIn and I went to Almight because you should
go to all your smart friends and ask them when I went all my smart
friends and ask them. They basically two thirds of them said I was an
idiot. Starting him it was like a crazy idea. That\'s um that\'s a good
signal right. And the reason it\'s a good signal is because of 100
percent of people think it\'s good that\'s almost always problems that
you\'re not seeing and that among other people think it\'s good too that
the competition pile around it is here. So I like the fact that you say
Why would smart people think this is not a good idea. But actually in
fact there\'s something that makes it a good idea even despite that what
was that then what did most people think.

\[00:15:58\] Why did most people think it was a dumb idea.

\[00:16:00\] Most who I thought was a dumb idea because all of the
problems digitally linked in are critically you have to get to a
critical mass. And so the question is you have an imitation product
where you have no value proposition 8 critical mass. So you join
Alington no value. Until then you invite me. We had already no value
either. Right. So how do you get to the first million people is the key
thing.

\[00:16:20\] Got it for specific to specific examples I want to talk
about for investing Facebook first. Could you talk about how your
investment Facebook happened.

\[00:16:29\] Yes so I tracked Facebook when it was in Boston. That\'s a
super interesting project but because I was very busy with windows I
well you know it\'s in Boston. We\'ll see how it plays out.

\[00:16:41\] And then Sean Parker called me and said it\'s really
interesting investment opportunity at Facebook Gabz in Boston. I don\'t
know how to help them. Now over here they\'ve rented a house you know
and I was like Oh that\'s great. And at the time yeah it was maybe a
little bit more enthusiastic than that.

\[00:17:02\] But at the time I had been a little beleaguered because
I\'d gotten a lot of pushback from the investment and friends group
saying well you try to have your cake and eat it too because you\'re
doing too even though I view social professional networks to be very
different. And one of the things about integrity is not only important
that you have integrity but also that you that you seem to have
integrity like the substance that the appearance matters as well as the
substance. And so I go look I don\'t want to lead this investment as
great as it is and all the rest of them. I think Peter should lead the
investment and I will actually in fact you know follow in.

\[00:17:39\] And so it\'s a very expensive example of integrity.

\[00:17:42\] I think it\'s probably one of the most expensive examples
of integrity I know. But since you know Peter\'s a close friend it\'s
all good.

\[00:17:50\] And so Parker Zork Peter about core and I met because Matt
was working for me at the time going down and. And we\'re like this is
you know there\'s a lot there\'s a lot that can go wrong with his was
very early was still in some number colleges like 10 or 12 or some small
number of colleges.

\[00:18:13\] But one of the pieces of conviction that I had which is the
reason why New that Facebook was awesome even before that specific
meeting was that I knew that social network as a platform was intrinsic.
Now isn\'t that I had an idea for how it came about and the internal
part there was a bunch of things I learned from how they\'re thinking
about that. But the notion that your identity and your network is a
platform for the apps that transform your life that was something that I
already had. And so once like Facebook started saying look we were
already on track for that. That was pretty.

\[00:18:44\] It was probably one of the most straightforward investment
decisions we had been thinking about this since you started a company
called The Social Network in 1997 right. Yes social social net. Yeah
okay. How did did that experience that why you knew so much like that in
you prepared for us.

\[00:19:02\] And when I started when I started social net because part
of a macro level what I think of myself as doing is helping found build
invest in design human ecosystems using principally software technology
Internet technologies and medium and so social that had a bunch of
errors. One of them was not understanding that your distribution has to
be organic right. So organic morality is a natural organic ASIOs organic
was a set of these techniques that are natural organic techniques and
was six degrees that actually saw six degrees hotter. Oh my god that
brilliant. Like that\'s what we should be doing. And so I\'d had the
idea of everyone establishing an identity and then having this this
electronic space transforming their lives. But I didn\'t have the
concept of a network. I didn\'t have the concept of real identity. I
didn\'t have a concept of all of these things being a Malkmus when I
started social media was still cyber space right.

\[00:19:59\] You go through cyber space right. And now it\'s like know
this is actually the way we live. This is this is this is part of our
life. And that was that.

\[00:20:07\] Those are the things that are how social and had already
had me thinking about this category but also to recognize which things
would work.

\[00:20:16\] When I got to the second phase I saw them from you many
many years ago where you had said that the most important thing Facebook
had done that was new and innovative was really identity separately from
everything that had done before. Do you still believe that.

\[00:20:29\] I think real identity was one of the really we had been
doing real identity too and and Bransford been doing a version real
identity is definitely part of it. The other part of it is that they had
gotten the accidents of it started and were also super useful was that
it got to a high trust and real identity by strolling in colleges like I
don\'t think Facebook could have established where I got to it hadn\'t
started in colleges. Everyone\'s like resemble an early days on Facebook
which of course doesn\'t happen anymore for obvious reasons people would
post their cell phone numbers to their profiles. Because like this is a
trusted community like you know no one\'s going to get me nothing weird
by my posting my cell phone to my profile and so they would do that. Now
that doesn\'t happen as much anymore probably right.

\[00:21:08\] Right. And then the other example front investment you made
is can you talk about how you ended up investing in Zinga.

\[00:21:14\] Yeah. So Facebook launched the FIA platform and their
description was where social utility. It\'s a social graph and there\'s
a whole stack of applications built on top of it. The question is which
of the applications going to be most most applicable. And also which are
the applications that are going to be that are essentially going to
like. There\'s always a tension between apps and platform in terms of
the primacy to the user which which apps are going to be the most
important ones on the platform now. Photo sharing was clearly one of
them but Facebook isn\'t safe. We all know that we\'re talking allow
anything else in that. And so what are the other ones. Now the primary
one that I thought Facebook was this is an unimportant app is not we
care about we care about utility and productivity and much other things
was games and the intersection of having Pincus who is massively
creative. Right. And it\'s kind of like an idea a minute kind of like
what is this what about this what about this. One of the best. Which is
awesome. This is kind of this space in games. And the fact that Facebook
was like yeah games without games is irrelevant. We don\'t care about
games gave you an opportunity to build a really serious company on top.
And so it was this is the kind of thing you know people it\'s a social
network people care about the social experience how you share
entertainment share connection Incat lightweight entertaining ways is
one of the things that matters the users.

\[00:22:37\] Pincus and his crew understand morality well within the
Facebook platform and games is actually one of things that if you
innovate and business model while you can actually make really
interesting cash and so all of that put it together to making a very
straightforward question Why do you think Facebook has such a blind spot
in games.

\[00:22:54\] Oh I think it\'s you know hopefully doesn\'t mind things on
camera but I think Zuckerberg is not himself a game player. Like I like
what he\'s really trying to do is figure out how to make the world more
open and transparent and to actually have efficiency of information and
connection and communication flows. And so he thinks a lot about those
sorts of things. And so games are like that\'s not the kind of thing he
does. And so he\'s like Man that doesn\'t that like not it\'s bad it
just doesn\'t matter right. I think that was the primary one that now
obviously they\'ve seen a lot of the utility of how to build games or
the thing the right way so that\'s now got married in the corpus if you
were going to start a new company today.

\[00:23:31\] Any thoughts on what you would start.

\[00:23:34\] Well since I\'m pretty focused on LinkedIn and pretty
focused on the the investments I made it Graylock I don\'t spend a lot
of time computing that particular question.

\[00:23:47\] I do think that people still probably underrate where the
ubiquity of everyone having a phone means in terms of networks in
marketplaces. Now that being said probably two years ago I might have
done something in bitcoin but it\'s too late and I don\'t think it\'s
too late. But it\'s not a secret anymore. Right. Amongst the intelligent
folks is a whole bunch of stuff going on. So you have to have a very
angled shot so if you\'re showing up saying I\'ve got another wallet or
I\'ve got another merchant processor I\'ve got another one of those. The
likelihood that that\'s going to play out well is low.

\[00:24:21\] Do you have high conviction that bitcoin will be big.

\[00:24:24\] I have high convention conviction that a big coin isn\'t
zero. It will be big but Bitcoin is not zero it\'s not zero.

\[00:24:30\] We\'ve got it. So I think it\'s a very high data outcome.
Now I think the most interesting question of all the questions that
people ask about bitcoin is is is it the first or last crypto currency
and what this means is not of course because of course there\'s you know
what is now referred to. I\'m always entertained by how doggy coin
becomes dogecoin. You know these kinds of things you know. There\'s a
whole stack of these things and it\'s very possible because of you know
new better ideas or different ideas and rails. Now overall I think one
of things that\'s going on with big companies I think big coin is
largely adding more wallets per game per week than the other coins have
in Walton told in total. Right so network effects have a kind of a
runaway kind of characteristic. But the question is first or last
cryptocurrency last one super interesting because that will be
interesting crypto currencies.

\[00:25:25\] First one. Right. Well then how. That\'s interesting.

\[00:25:30\] All right. Closing question since you brought it up earlier
what is one thing that you believe that most people don\'t.

\[00:25:35\] So obviously Peter and I talk about this question a lot and
it\'s worth reading Peter is 0 1 book it\'s you know there\'s a bunch of
pretty good things in that. Laughter Well I\'d say that there\'s great
thinking just to respond. But there are some things where Peter and I
have differences of views on some of the things but that\'s great. I
mean that\'s part of thinking and having you know clear bold you know
sometimes contain thoughts. The key nuance on that question that I have
is against which audience right because there\'s is against the world
against theU.S. against. Now I\'m going to answer that question again
Silicon Valley because I think there\'s at least two threads that are
classically Silicon Valley threads that I have a different point of view
on. One of them is the role of government. So basically Silicon Valley
tends to go oh government is this large cruddy bureaucratic impossible
to deal with thing that you should just run around and badly. Yes yes
yes yes. Right. That\'s not saying no. I don\'t see those things. But it
is actually in fact what creates the platform environment that we
operate in. It\'s what creates the legal structure. It\'s what creates
the set of services which creates the educational environment which
creates the financing law right.

\[00:26:52\] There\'s a whole stack of services that are part of the.
It\'s like we\'re fish in an aquarium we say who needs water and you
like the water is important but it\'s important that the water is
cleaner than dirtier it\'s more like there\'s a set of things and so
actually in fact I think there\'s a set of things that we should be
thinking about how do we help positively impact government.

\[00:27:11\] You can imagine these services as a you know as a prize and
government as a platform that can hold a set of different things but we
are the fish that are in this aquarium and we need it is a collectively
all of our responsibility to make the aquarium better and it\'s not just
a Oh that\'s a nasty problem. And think about that. Second one related
is now I\'m pretty sure that it\'s difficult to teach entrepreneurship
peer out I think you can teach skills that help entrepreneurship. And
this woman\'s a lot of what I see. I think entrepreneurship clearly can
be learned. Right now I think there\'s always a doing component. Now
that being said I think you think that government can add things that
are that are positive to entrepreneurship so entrepreneurship is much
better in where networks have dense connections. It\'s another thing I
like about Weiss\'s. How do you create density of connections to
facilitate financing talent understanding markets getting advisors the
building the network around the around the entrepreneurs in the
companies governments can facilitate that. There\'s a bunch of different
things they can do. They can say okay we will help entrepreneurship is
not just a number of days to form a formulated company. It\'s not just
labor laws. It\'s not just bankruptcy laws and these kind of things. I
think a number of positive things that governments can do also that this
deal facilitate entrepreneurship and those are two contrarian from
Silicon Valley.

\[00:28:33\] Great. Thank you so much for coming spend some time with
us. Thank you. Klaus.
