**Eric Migicovsky at Startup School SV 2014-0-JL7bbQ0tw.mp4**

*启动学校SV 2014-0-JL7bbQ0tw.mp4*Eric Migicovsky

\[00:00:03\] Hi guys. It\'s an honor to be here. I really appreciate you
guys taking taking time out of your day to come listen to me. I know
that many of you may have heard about us when we launched on Kickstarter
about two years ago. I\'m here to tell you a little bit about that but
also take you four years back to 2008 when I started working on this
originally. So this is this is me in a YouTube video that I posted in
2008 showing off the very first prototype for what would become pebble.
I was an engineering student at the University of Waterloo. I was
studying abroad in Europe actually at Taegu Delfs studying industrial
design in industrial design kind of unlike engineering. Everyone is
always sketching everyone\'s always drawing things. And as an engineer I
didn\'t have those same trying skills at the time so I started sketching
things and the first thing that I sketched was a bicycle computer that
would talk to your phone. I had this weird problem. Everyone in Holland
bikes practically every single minute of life. And I wasn\'t born with
the gene that let me type on my phone while I was biking. And so I had
this brand new phone in my pocket and I wanted to see what was happening
when my phone was vibrating who was calling me who was texting me who
was emailing me. And while I technically could have just tried to pull
my phone out of my pocket while biking probably would have ended up in
the canal. So I thought of this bike computer that would show you text
messages. I started prototyping it. One of my friends came along and
said hey you know that by computer that your building probably would be
a little bit more useful as a watch since some people don\'t bike every
single minute of their life. So I took apart a cell phone that Nokia 33
10 which is like one of the most popular phones in the world ripped that
apart combined it with an arduino and made this super early version. You
can actually see where I cracked the screen off of the phone and made
and made this first prototype myself. It wasn\'t beautiful. It certainly
didn\'t work perfectly but it showed me at least that this was something
that I could use on a daily basis. I went back to the I went back to
Waterloo to finish up my final year of engineering and did what I\'m
sure a lot of you guys do which is pitch pitch your heart out. This was
a slide from our early deck. The company of The Times called impulse
which stood for information pulse and it aimed to do one thing which was
show you text messages emails and calls right on your wrist. I did these
pitch competitions where you stand up and you talk for 45 seconds in
like elevator pitch competitions. And that was actually how we funded
the early stage of the company. I would win these gigantic checks
comically large checks which are very difficult to cash at times. You
have to like fold them up and the first the first prototypes that we
built were actually funded from these pitched competitions. I borrowed
some money from my parents who were extremely generous at that time. I
think the argument was well it\'s cheaper than grad school. Laughter.
And we\'ve built me and a couple friends built the very first actually
working prototype. And you noticed that my prototype was the first one.
This is the much better prototype that was actually built by some
talented electrical engineers and computer computer engineers. Being in
Waterloo as I\'m sure there\'s a couple Waterloo people in the crowd.

[00：00：03]嗨，伙计们。很荣幸来到这里。我真的很感激你们抽出时间来听我说。我知道当我们两年前在Kickstarter上推出时，你们中的许多人可能听说过我们。我在这里告诉你一些关于这一点，但也花了四年前，2008年，我开始研究这个问题。这是我在YouTube上发布的一段视频，我在2008年发布了这段视频，展示了第一个将成为鹅卵石的原型。我是滑铁卢大学的工科学生。我在欧洲留学，实际上是在大邱，学习工业设计，有点不像工程。每个人都在画素描，每个人都在画东西。作为一名工程师，我当时并没有同样的尝试技能，所以我开始画一些东西，我画的第一件事是一台自行车电脑，它可以和你的手机对话。我有个奇怪的问题。荷兰的每个人几乎每一分钟都骑自行车。我并不是天生就有让我在骑自行车的时候在手机上打字的基因。所以我口袋里有一部全新的手机，我想看看我的手机在震动时发生了什么，谁在打电话给我，谁在给我发短信，谁在给我发邮件。从技术上讲，我本可以试着把我的手机从口袋里掏出来，而骑自行车很可能最终会掉进运河。所以我想到了这台自行车电脑，它可以给你发短信。我开始制作原型。我的一个朋友走过来对我说，嘿，你知道吗，通过电脑，你的大楼可能会更有用一些，因为有些人一生中的每一分钟都不骑自行车。所以我拆开了一部手机，诺基亚3310，就像世界上最受欢迎的手机之一，把它和Arduino组合在一起，制作了这个超级早期版本。你可以看到我打开手机屏幕的地方，我自己制作了第一个原型。不是很漂亮。这当然不是很完美，但它至少向我表明，这是我每天都可以使用的东西。我回到了滑铁卢，完成了我的最后一年的工程，我确信你们中的很多人都会这样做，那就是全力以赴。这是我们早期甲板上的滑梯。“泰晤士报”的公司叫做“冲动”，它代表着信息的脉搏，它的目标是做一件事，就是在手腕上给你发短信、发邮件和打电话。我做了这些球场比赛，你站起来，你在45秒的时间里，就像电梯投球比赛一样。事实上，这就是我们为公司早期阶段提供资金的方式。我会赢得这些巨大的支票，滑稽的大支票，有时很难兑现。你必须把它们折叠起来，我们建造的第一批原型实际上是由这些比赛资助的。我向当时非常慷慨的父母借了一些钱。我认为这个论点很好，它比研究生院便宜。笑声。我们建立了我和几个朋友建立了第一个实际工作的原型。你注意到我的原型是第一个。这是一个更好的原型，实际上是由一些有才华的电气工程师和计算机工程师建造的。我敢肯定，在滑铁卢的人群中有几个滑铁卢人。

\[00:03:42\] Being in Waterloo in 2008 meant one thing.

[00：03：42]2008年身处滑铁卢意味着一件事。

\[00:03:46\] BlackBerry how many of you guys remember what blackberries
you know.

[00：03：46]黑莓-你们中有多少人记得你知道的黑莓。

\[00:03:50\] Is this really popular phone keyboards so you can see here
the first prototype actually worked with BlackBerry and it wasn\'t just
it worked with BlackBerry.

[00：03：50]这是非常流行的手机键盘，所以你可以在这里看到，第一个原型实际上是与黑莓一起工作的，它不仅适用于黑莓。

\[00:04:00\] It only worked with BlackBerry laughter. So you can see
there\'s still some wires coming out of it.

[00：04：00]它只适用于黑莓的笑声。所以你可以看到仍然有一些电线从里面出来。

\[00:04:06\] But generally it actually did the job this is a real text
message that someone sent to my Blackberry at that time and it worked it
it it didn\'t look great again but it finally worked and we could show
it off and began talking about in the community people said hey this is
a interesting little project but you know it could actually become a
company if you wanted. So I the first step was actually trying to make
it look a little bit better than what a couple engineers hacked together
in their spare time worked with an industrial designer who again
remember this is 2008 2009 took took a lot of inspiration from the
smartphones at the time to build what would be what would become our
first watch impulse. This is pen and ink marker drawings kind of the
first stage of ideation but you can see it\'s starting to look a little
bit less like a circuit board with bent aluminum around it and more like
an actual an actual watch.

[00：04：06]但总的来说，这是一条真正的短信，有人在那个时候发送给我的黑莓，它看起来不太好，但它终于成功了，我们可以展示它，并开始在社区讨论，人们说，嘿，这是一个有趣的小项目，但你知道，它实际上可以成为一个公司，如果你愿意的话。所以，我的第一步实际上是试图让它看起来比一对工程师在业余时间共同破解的东西要好一些，他和一位工业设计师一起工作，他又一次记得2008年的时候，智能手机给我们带来了很多灵感，这将成为我们的第一次手表冲动。这是笔和墨水的标志画的第一阶段的想法，但你可以看到它开始看起来有点不像一个弯曲的铝周围的电路板，更像一个实际的手表。

\[00:05:04\] This is mid 2009 2010. It\'s a 3D printed prototype with
actual electronics running inside. This was the first stage that we
actually were able to show it to people and they could immediately
imagine what it would be like to put this product on their wrist.

[00：05：04]这是2009年年中的2010年。这是一个3D打印原型，里面运行着实际的电子产品。这是我们能够将它展示给人们的第一个阶段，他们可以立即想象把这个产品放在他们的手腕上是什么感觉。

\[00:05:22\] That was really important because up until that time we
just had our circuit board that we were shopping around to people kind
of hard for people to imagine wearing a circuit board on the wrist. 3D
printing was still pretty early at that time 2009 Maker Bot had just
launched. This was our first somewhat 3D printed a little bit hand
painted as well but it did a little bit of a better job at showing off
what what a smartwatch could be. So naturally the next step in 2000 is
2009 and of 2009 was to launch it just like every good software company
in the world. You know you have to launch early and often. And I think
we took that took that lesson to heart from a hardware perspective as
well. So in truth in the end of 2009 we decided to announce this product
publicly to the world and I\'m sure many of you read and gadget in the
version that kind of stuff. And you see these occasionally posts of
people with posting leaked photographs or blurry photos of new products.

这真的很重要，因为在那之前，我们的电路板是我们买给人们的，人们很难想象在手腕上戴着电路板。3D打印仍然是相当早期，在2009年制造商Bot刚刚推出。这是我们第一次有点3D打印一点手绘，但它做了一个更好的工作在展示什么是智能手表。因此，2000年的下一步自然是2009年，2009年的时候，它就像世界上每一家优秀的软件公司一样推出。你知道你必须早早地启动。我认为我们也从硬件的角度把这个教训牢记在心。所以，事实上，在2009年底，我们决定向世界公开发布这款产品，我相信你们中的很多人都会在这种版本中阅读和使用小工具。你还会看到这些偶尔会发布泄露照片或新产品模糊照片的人的帖子。

\[00:06:25\] And the secret is is that sometimes those are actually
devices that fall off the back of a truck at the factory. But other
times it\'s actually the company themselves leaking information just to
see what people think. I can\'t remember exactly where I heard this
piece of advice but you decided to do it. And about a week before we
were planning to actually launch the product to the world. I you know
there\'s there\'s tips lines at various blogs like tips and gadget tips
at whatever. So I emailed a couple of these blogs with a render of what
our product could look like.

[00：06：25]秘密是，有时这些设备实际上是从工厂的卡车后面掉下来的。但其他时候，实际上是公司自己泄露信息，只是为了了解人们的想法。我记不起我在哪里听过这条建议，但你决定这么做。大约一周前，我们计划将该产品真正推向世界。我，你知道，在各种博客上都有提示，比如提示和小工具提示什么的。所以我给这些博客发了几封电子邮件，展示了我们的产品会是什么样子。

\[00:07:02\] And I emailed it to crack berry which is one of the most
popular BlackBerry blogs at the time.

[00：07：02]我发邮件给黑莓，这是当时最受欢迎的黑莓博客之一。

\[00:07:08\] And I said there\'s there\'s this company working on this
interesting BlackBerry watch would you be interested in getting a little
bit more information and within 30 minutes the guy emailed me back
phoned me actually said I got to have more information. What is this. I
saw this render. Can I run a post. I want to blog about it right this
second.

[00：07：08]我说，这家公司正在开发这款有趣的黑莓手表，你会对获取更多信息感兴趣吗？在30分钟内，给我发邮件的那个人给我回了电话，说我需要更多的信息。这是什么。我看到了这款手机。我能发一篇帖子吗？我现在就想写一篇关于这件事的博客。

\[00:07:28\] And I had to explain to him that no this isn\'t like I\'m
not actually not actually leaking any private information. It\'s it\'s
our company we\'re a little startup in Waterloo and he\'s like I don\'t
care I don\'t care I still want to I still want to share this with the
world. And I said Sure if you want to do that let\'s do it. And so on
October 19th 2009 laughter crack berry ran this and you could see it\'s
got that it\'s got that vibe of like I\'m not sure exactly where I got
this image. You know it\'s a 3D render. But you notice the title first
images. BlackBerry watches for real.

[00：07：28]我不得不向他解释，不，这并不是说我实际上没有泄露任何私人信息。这是我们的公司，我们是滑铁卢的一家小公司，他好像我不在乎，我还是想和全世界分享这个。我说，当然，如果你想这么做的话，那就让我们来做吧。所以，在2009年10月19日，“笑疯莓”运行了这张照片，你可以看到它有一种感觉，就像我不知道我从哪里得到了这张照片。你知道这是3D渲染。但你注意到标题第一图片。黑莓手表是真的。

\[00:08:04\] So this began an interesting little game of broken
telephone on the Internet Cranbury ran this piece and gadget ran that
piece.

[00：08：04]这开始了一个有趣的小游戏，网络上的电话断了，克兰伯里运行了这一段，小工具运行了这一段。

\[00:08:14\] All of a sudden everyone thought that BlackBerry was coming
up with a watch.

[00：08：14]突然，大家都认为黑莓正在研制一款手表。

\[00:08:19\] Laughter.

[00：08：19]笑声。

\[00:08:21\] And the news spread. The culmination of the first week was
really exciting. It was a reporter for like CNBC or something like that
shoving a microphone in the face of the BlackBerry CEO saying What do
you think about the BlackBerry watch. And he\'s like I got no comment no
comment. Laughter. It was it was a bit worked so it is amazing for us
because we saw this massive kind of adoption of it. But we still had
didn\'t know how to parlay that into actual people knowing that it was
our product. So but a week later we followed up with all these blogs we
post are page online and then followed up with every single blog saying
you know that watch that you ran last week.

[00：08：21]消息传开了。第一周的高潮真的令人兴奋。这是一位像CNBC这样的记者在黑莓CEO面前推着麦克风说你对黑莓手表有什么看法。他说：“我对此无可奉告。”笑声。它是有点工作，所以这对我们来说是令人惊奇的，因为我们看到了这种大规模的采用它。但我们仍然不知道如何把它分给真正的人，因为他们知道这是我们的产品。所以，一周后，我们跟踪了所有这些博客，我们发布的都是在线页面，然后跟进每一个博客，说你知道你上周运行的那个手表。

\[00:09:00\] It\'s actually a startup. It\'s actually us and we were
worried you know would they think that we were cheating them or screwing
with the system or maybe they wouldn\'t even post again about us one
week later. We were worried but then we forgot the cardinal rule which
is everybody loves page views and every single person ran it again. That
launched us into the next stage. We we had about a thousand people who
were interested in the product who had signed up for a mailing list. We
didn\'t actually take anyone\'s money at the time but it was great
because we got validation leads from the early BlackBerry set of
customers that this was something that they wanted so we continued
building prototypes. This is our first metal scene Cemil prototype. It
was another little fun press thing at CBS. Instead of signing up for
media briefings or getting a booth or something like that we just kind
of wandered around and showed this this was us walking into the end
gadget studio and just showing it to people. And naturally they ran a
story about that as well. So never. If you\'re looking for press
there\'s there is absolutely no wrong way to do it. You can pretty much
get press anyway you can try if you try really hard. We got to the point
where we can actually make these devices.

[00：09：00]它实际上是一家初创公司。实际上是我们，我们担心他们会认为我们欺骗了他们或者破坏了系统，或者一周后他们甚至不会再发布关于我们的消息。我们很担心，但后来我们忘记了最重要的规则，那就是每个人都喜欢页面浏览，每个人都会再次运行它。让我们进入下一个阶段。我们有大约一千人对这个产品感兴趣，他们已经注册了邮件列表。我们当时并没有拿任何人的钱，但这很棒，因为我们从黑莓早期的一组客户那里得到了验证线索，认为这是他们想要的东西，所以我们继续制作原型。这是我们的第一个金属场景Cemil原型。这是哥伦比亚广播公司又一次有趣的新闻报道。我们没有报名参加媒体简报会，也没有买个展位之类的东西，我们只是在四处闲逛，展示的是我们走进最终的小工具工作室，然后把它展示给人们。很自然，他们也写了一篇关于这件事的报道。所以永远不要。如果你在找媒体，那绝对没有错误的方法。无论如何，你都可以得到媒体的支持，如果你真的很努力的话，你可以试试。我们已经到了可以制造这些装置的地步。

\[00:10:16\] We were based in our garage in Waterloo behind the house
that I lived that the garage was somewhat dusty so it didn\'t lend
itself perfectly to the assembly of miniature consumer electronics.

[00：10：16]我们住在滑铁卢的车库里，我住的房子后面，车库有点灰尘，所以它不适合微型消费电子产品的组装。

\[00:10:29\] We still had the key codes to the university. So even
though we were graduated on Sunday as we kind of just you know broke
into the university and set up our assembly line in the lab. It was
great. We built the first 500 watches hands with our own hands just
sitting there assembling each part of it it gave us an immense
appreciation for what goes into these little consumer electronic
devices. And then we and then we started shipping them. We didn\'t
really we didn\'t really promise our customers that it was anything more
than an alpha great unit. In fact the first 20 that we shipped the Baks
broke off during the shipping process. So it was a really damn good
thing that we didn\'t decide to build like 5000 of them all at the same
time that we just built 10 20 50 100 units and then shipped out.

[00：10：29]我们还有大学的钥匙密码。所以，即使我们星期天毕业了，就像你知道的那样，我们闯进了大学，在实验室里建立了我们的装配线。太棒了。我们建造了最初的500块手表，手拿着自己的手，就坐在那里，把它的每一部分组装在一起，让我们对这些小型消费类电子设备的功能有了极大的欣赏。然后我们，然后我们开始运输他们。我们并没有真的向客户保证，这不仅仅是一个阿尔法伟大的单位。事实上，我们最初的20艘橡树船在运输过程中就中断了。所以，我们没有决定建造像5000台这样的橡树，就在我们刚刚建造了102050100台的同时，又被运出了，这是一件非常好的事情。

\[00:11:21\] It was around this time that we that we applied to Y
Combinator. Up until this point why C had only accepted I think three
hardware companies in the entire lifespan of white.

[00：11：21]这一次我们应用于Y组合器。直到这一点，为什么C只接受，我认为三家硬件公司在整个生命周期的白色。

\[00:11:33\] So it is a bit of a it\'s a bit of a longshot but we felt
that we had finally latched on to something our first product that
people were actually starting to use had amazing engagement 80 percent
of all the people who used who had purchased impulse were using it every
single day and it wasn\'t just from the analytics but people actually
told us they sent us e-mails I have in my e-mail inbox personal personal
threads with practically every single person who owned one of these
first watches about what what was good what was bad what needed to
improve.

[00：11：33]所以这有点遥不可及，但我们觉得我们终于抓住了我们的第一款产品，人们开始使用的第一款产品，有80%的使用者每天都在使用它，这不仅来自分析，而且人们实际上告诉我们他们已经发送了。美国的电子邮件，我在我的电子邮件收件箱，个人线程与几乎每一个人谁拥有这些第一次观察什么是好的，什么是坏的，什么需要改进。

\[00:12:07\] And that was that was an immensely close relationship that
we had with our customers at the time when we got down to why we set up
shop in another living room.

[00：12：07]那是一种非常密切的关系，当我们开始研究为什么我们在另一个起居室里开设商店的时候，我们和我们的顾客有着非常密切的关系。

\[00:12:17\] This time in Mountain View which after having spent seven
years in Ontario was amazing. I still have not changed since I\'ve not
changed out of shorts and t shirts since I got down here. But after
seven years in a year crazy hot or crazy cold climate.

[00：12：17]这次是在山景城，在安大略省呆了七年之后，真是太棒了。自从我来到这里以来，我还没有换过短裤和t恤衫，但在一年中经历了七年的酷热或疯狂的寒冷气候后，我仍然没有改变。

\[00:12:31\] I\'ve got to say that mountain view is pretty pretty
perfect and the one thing that we the one major insight that we realized
this is now 2011 was after we launched our software development kit.

[00：12：31]我不得不说，山景是非常完美的，我们-我们意识到现在是2011年-的一件事是在我们推出软件开发工具包之后。

\[00:12:47\] Up until this point we were making a watch that showed text
messages emails calls at the at the beginning it didn\'t even show the
time. Our first version of software didn\'t show the Time smartwatch
laughter laughter.

[00：12：47]在此之前，我们正在制作一块手表，上面显示的是短信、电子邮件、刚开始时的来电，它甚至没有显示时间。我们的第一个版本的软件没有显示出智能手表发出的笑声。

\[00:12:59\] Naturally the bug reports came fast and furious. Our first
customer my dad emailed me and said Eric you got to be able to show that
time on the smartwatch. Laughter. Laughter. So we launched a firm or
upgrade the week later and that began a cycle of kind of continuous
integration of features and suggestions.

[00：12：59]自然地，臭虫报告来得又快又愤怒。我们的第一位顾客-我爸爸给我发了电子邮件-告诉我，埃里克，你必须能够在智能手表上显示时间。笑声。笑声。因此，我们在一周后推出了一家公司或进行升级，这就开始了一种持续整合功能和建议的循环。

\[00:13:17\] But one thing that we always thought was going to be too
big and we were always pushing off to the future was launching an STK.
So in 2011 we published STK we invited developers to write apps for the
watch. But keep in mind there were only a thousand impulse watchers in
the field so we had no idea what would happen. We spent about two weeks
working on an STK and we were amazed within two or three months of
launching the STK. There were over 100 apps available for Impulse.
That\'s one app for every ten watches in existence. So obviously people
were not building it because they thought they would get richer. They
thought that they would be able to start a company developers who own
those early impulse watches were building building apps because they
wanted to create something that they could wear on their body and that
was new. It was a new thing at the time they were no STK for four
devices. And this is an example of you know being able to customize your
watch face just by tapping some buttons on your on your android phone at
this point. So we took all of these things that we learned from our
customers. The first watch had a full color led screen which was great
it was very colorful but the battery life wasn\'t great it was about 24
hours. The watch also had a screen that wasn\'t great outside it would
kind of get washed out when you took it out to go for a run. And it also
wasn\'t waterproof. But the biggest problem of all was that it didn\'t
work with iPhone. So we got down to the valley we did see and we showed
people are cool smartwatch and they said this looks great. Does it work
with iPhone. And we had to we had to say no. So in mid 2011 I was five
came out which finally gave us the capability to run an application in
the background when it was talking with a bluetooth accessory. So we
designed pebble we took all the feedback from impulse and we funneled it
into this new product. Pavel we did the next logical thing which is to
shop around on sand hill road talked to the V sees angels investors and
we had you know we had this new product we had an idea of how we could
actually build something people really wanted.

[00：13：17]但是有一件事，我们一直认为是太大了，而且我们一直在向未来推进，那就是发起一个STK。因此，在2011年，我们发布了STK，我们邀请开发者为手表编写应用程序。但请记住，现场只有一千名冲动观察者，所以我们不知道会发生什么。我们花了大约两周时间在STK上工作，在启动STK的两三个月内，我们感到惊讶。有100多个应用程序可用于Impulse。这是每十个手表就有一个应用程序。所以很明显，人们建造它并不是因为他们以为自己会变得更富有。他们认为他们能够创建一家拥有早期冲动手表的公司，他们正在开发应用程序，因为他们想要创造一些可以穿在身上的东西，这是新的东西。这是一个新的东西，在当时，他们没有STK四种设备。这是一个例子，你知道，只要点击你的Android手机上的一些按钮，你就可以定制你的手表脸。所以我们从客户那里学到了所有这些东西。第一款手表有一个全彩色的显示屏，很棒，颜色很鲜艳，但电池寿命不是很好，大约是24小时。手表的屏幕也不太好，当你带它出去跑步的时候，它会被洗掉。而且它也不是防水的。但最大的问题是它不适用于iPhone。于是我们来到了我们看到的山谷，我们向人们展示了智能手表很酷，他们说这看上去很棒。它适用于iPhone吗？我们不得不拒绝。所以在2011年年中，我五岁的时候出来了，这最终让我们能够在后台运行一个应用程序，当它与蓝牙附件交谈时。所以我们设计了鹅卵石，我们从冲动中吸取了所有的反馈，然后我们把它注入到这个新产品中。帕维尔，我们做了下一件合乎逻辑的事情，就是在沙丘路上逛逛，和V看到天使，投资者，我们有了这个新产品，我们有了一个想法，我们可以建造人们真正想要的东西。

\[00:15:23\] People were telling us they wanted and we spent about a
month talking to investors 20 or 30 investors and we couldn\'t get one
interested we couldn\'t get one single investor to actually sign on the
dotted line.

[00：15：23]人们告诉我们他们想要，我们花了大约一个月的时间与投资者交谈二三十名投资者，但我们没有一个人对我们感兴趣，我们不能让一个投资者在虚线上签字。

\[00:15:36\] We went back to Y C had a 20 minute session with Paul
Graham I explained our problems and he says no you\'re not can be able
to raise money. Is there anything else you could do now. Could you sell
some software. This is a pretty common question that hardware
entrepreneurs will get asked at some point and I had to explain you know
I don\'t think we\'re going to be able to turn into a software company.
And it\'s like is there anything else you can do.

[00：15：36]我们回到了YC，和保罗·格雷厄姆进行了20分钟的会谈，我解释了我们的问题，他说不，你不能筹集资金。你现在还能做些什么吗。你能卖些软件吗。这是一个很常见的问题，硬件企业家在某个时候会被问到，我不得不解释，你知道，我不认为我们会变成一家软件公司。就像你还能做些什么吗？

\[00:15:59\] And I said Yeah well we\'re thinking about going on this
Web site called Kickstarter and he says what\'s Kickstarter and so he
explained and he said that sounds like an amazing idea.

[00：15：59]我说，是的，嗯，我们正在考虑上这个叫Kickstarter的网站，他说什么是Kickstarter，所以他解释了，他说这听起来是个很棒的主意。

\[00:16:09\] You should just do it. And so we spent a month and we built
our Kickstarter page. We filmed the video ourselves starring us our
friends and our interns. And I don\'t know how many of you can pinpoint
the exact moment when your life changes.

[00：16：09]你应该这么做。于是我们花了一个月的时间建立了我们的Kickstart页面。我们自己拍摄了这段视频，由我们的朋友和实习生主演。我不知道你们中有多少人能准确地指出你的生活发生变化的确切时刻。

\[00:16:25\] But I can and it\'s laughter it\'s pressing this button.
Laughter.

[00：16：25]但是我可以，它是笑，它是按这个按钮。笑声。

\[00:16:32\] It was 11:00p.m. on the night. On the night before we
launched when I you know I clicked this button then I distinctly
remember wondering what would be next and obviously I would never been
able to predict what happens. We were trying to raise a hundred thousand
dollars to be able to sell 1000 pebble watches we blew through that
milestone in two hours.

[00：16：32]现在是晚上11点。在晚上。在我们发射的前一天晚上，当我点击这个按钮时，我清楚地记得想知道接下来会发生什么，很明显，我永远也无法预测会发生什么。我们试图筹集10万美元，以便能在两个小时内卖出1000块石子手表。

\[00:16:54\] We got our first million in twenty eight hours and after 30
days we had raised ten million dollars from 70000 people around the
world.

[00：16：54]我们在28小时内拿到了我们的第一个百万美元，30天后，我们从世界各地的70000人那里筹到了一千万美元。

\[00:17:05\] It

[00：17：05]

\[00:17:05\] was pretty ridiculous to say East applause.

[00：17：05]说“东方掌声”真是太荒谬了。

\[00:17:15\] Why.

[00：17：15]为什么。

\[00:17:16\] Why did that work how did we do it. You know we have some
we\'re able to rationalize it now looking back I think it was because of
three three main things the first one being some advice that we got from
Paul Bukaty public partner at Boise and he\'s also an investor in
Pebble. He wrote an amazing blog post several years ago that talks about
a startups product has to do three things really really well. And not
only does your product have to be able to do three things and preferably
not more. You also have to be able to explain what those three things
are.

[00：17：16]为什么这样做，我们是怎么做到的。你知道，我们有一些东西可以合理化，现在回想起来，我想是因为三件主要的事情，第一件事是我们从博伊西的保罗·布卡蒂的公共合伙人那里得到了一些建议，他也是卵石公司的投资者。几年前，他写了一篇令人惊叹的博文，谈到创业公司的产品必须做好三件事。而且不仅你的产品必须能做三件事，最好不要做更多。你还必须能够解释这三件事是什么。

\[00:17:46\] And so I think that the reason why we hit product market
fit on Kickstarter was Beeks was because we talked about notifications
and calls being able to see those on your watch sports and fitness.

[00：17：46]所以我认为，我们之所以能在Kickstarter上进入产品市场，是因为我们谈论的通知和电话能够看到你手表上的那些运动和健身。

\[00:17:58\] We offered users the ability to run the fitness app that
they loved on their phone like Runkeeper Straube or Endomondo and just
see an instantaneous update speed location distance on their wrist
without having to do something like buy it Garmin watch. And the third
thing that we talked about was customizing it customization. Being able
to see being able to download and install different watch faces it had
never been done before and we offered our users that ability where we
went from there was was kind of crazy.

[00：17：58]我们为用户提供了在手机上运行他们喜爱的健身应用程序的能力，比如RunKeepStraube或Endomondo，只需在他们的手腕上看到一个即时的更新速度位置距离，而不必购买Garmin手表。我们讨论的第三件事是定制它。能够看到，能够下载和安装不同的手表脸，这是从来没有做过的，我们给我们的用户提供的能力，我们从那里去是有点疯狂。

\[00:18:30\] We were five people when we launched on Kickstarter. None
of us had ever made a consumer electronics product before. So we did
what. The only natural thing most people who are working on hardware do
is fly to Asia. We spent I personally spent in the three people working
in the hardware team spent about 6 months often on living near the
factory in and helping helping build the first the first prototypes of
Pebble and then getting the production line up and running. This is
probably around like 7p.m. on a Friday night. Figuring out how to get
the glue working so that the top of the lens would actually be glued
into the bottom and still be waterproof. It was it was amazing. I think
that it took my mom would phone the app and she would say Are you sure
you\'re okay. Like shouldn\'t you be a little bit more stress. You have
to ship 85000 watches to people all around the world. And I said No no I
think I think we\'ve got it and it was a bit of it was a bit of blind
faith it was a bit of naivete but I think we were dedicated and we knew
that we had build something that people really really wanted. We poured
all of our effort into it and it paid off. This is the first red watch
pebble that popped off the assembly line. This is December 28 2012. I
wore I wore that watch that same watch that I pulled off the assembly
line for about a year until I replaced it with a nice new pedal steel
but it was the first. It was the moment when I realized that all of our
effort finally paid off that we had built something that was almost
exactly like what we set out to build.

[00：18：30]当我们在Kickstarter上启动时，我们是五个人。我们谁也没做过消费电子产品。所以我们做了什么。大多数从事硬件工作的人做的唯一自然的事情就是飞往亚洲。我个人花在三个人身上，在硬件团队工作了大约6个月，经常住在工厂附近，帮助建立第一批鹅卵石原型，然后开始生产和运行。大概在晚上7点左右。在周五晚上。弄清楚如何使胶水起作用，这样镜头的顶部实际上就会粘在底部，并且仍然是防水的。真是太棒了。我想我妈妈会给这个应用打电话，她会说你确定你没事。就像你不该承受更多的压力。你得把85000块手表寄给世界各地的人。我说，不，我认为我们得到了它，这是一种盲目的信念，有点天真，但我认为我们是奉献的，我们知道我们已经建立了人们真正想要的东西。我们把所有的精力都投入到了这件事上，它得到了回报。这是第一个从装配线上弹出的红色手表卵石。这是2012年12月28日。我戴着那只手表，就像我从装配线上拿下来大约一年的手表，直到我用一种漂亮的新踏板钢代替了它，但这是第一次。就在那一刻，我意识到，我们所有的努力终于得到了回报，我们已经建造了一些几乎和我们要建造的东西完全一样的东西。

\[00:20:08\] It was a fantastic feeling.

[00：20：08]这是一种美妙的感觉。

\[00:20:11\] The team grew a lot. We only had around 10 10 or 11 people
by the time we actually started shipping the watch. We\'ve now grown
immensely. At first it was people who didn\'t really know exactly what
we were doing. We still don\'t know exactly what we\'re doing but we
feel a lot better about about doing that. We have hundreds of thousands
of watches out in the world and some people may say that some people may
think that I started the company solely so that I could use Pommes in
advertising. I think they wouldn\'t be incorrect. But I think there\'s
there\'s a little bit more to that. You know I started working on
wearables now about six and a half years ago.

[00：20：11]这支队伍成长了很多。当我们真正开始发运手表的时候，我们只有大约10，10，11个人。我们现在长得很大。起初，人们并不真正知道我们在做什么。我们仍然不知道我们到底在做什么，但我们觉得这样做更好。我们在世界上有成千上万的手表，有些人可能会说，有人认为我创办这家公司只是为了让我在广告中使用Pommes。我想他们不会错的。但我觉得还有更多。你知道我六年半前就开始研发可穿戴设备了。

\[00:20:50\] The at the beginning you know I have a I saw the other
watches that were on the market.

[00：20：50]一开始你知道我看到了市场上的其他手表。

\[00:20:57\] There was there were actually other smartwatches back in
2008. There\'s a Sony Ericsson watch that cost 399 bucks. And I was a 20
22 year old student. I didn\'t really want to spend 400 bucks on this
brand new smartwatch. So I wanted to make something that was cheaper
something that was more affordable. So instead of just buying the
Fournet or watch you I started an entire company to make a more
affordable watch for myself. But it\'s interesting that the same trends
are coming back now. You see Apple moving into this space. They\'ve
built an amazingly beautiful aesthetically awesome metal called Sapphire
expensive watch. They definitely have their perspective on where on
where wearables are going. You see Google coming into this space trying
to take an entire smartphone and cram it onto your wrists and then and
then us we\'re going off in this slightly different but but very
important direction for building something that meshes into your life.
We build a product that works with the phone that you already have.

[00：20：57]早在2008年就有其他的智能手表。索尼爱立信的手表价值399美元。我当时是个20岁22岁的学生。我真的不想花400美元买这个全新的智能手表。所以我想做一些更便宜的东西，更实惠的东西。因此，与其仅仅购买Fournet或观看你，我还创办了一家公司，为自己制造一款更实惠的手表。但有趣的是，同样的趋势正在卷土重来。你可以看到苹果进入这个领域。他们建造了一种令人惊叹的美丽、令人敬畏的金属蓝宝石昂贵的手表。他们肯定对可穿戴设备的发展有自己的看法。你可以看到谷歌进入这个领域，试图把整个智能手机塞到你的手腕上，然后我们将朝着这个稍微不同但非常重要的方向前进，为你的生活构建一个网格。我们建立了一个产品，与您已经拥有的手机工作。

\[00:21:56\] As long as you don\'t have a windows phone charger it has a
long battery life.

[00：21：56]只要你没有窗户手机充电器，它的电池寿命就很长。

\[00:22:05\] It works as a sports watch It\'s lightweight it\'s
inexpensive. It\'s inexpensive it\'s completely open hackable. In fact
the part that I\'m most excited about for the future is the community
that\'s supporting us.

[00：22：05]它作为一只运动手表工作，它是轻量级的，它很便宜，它是完全开放的。事实上，我对未来最兴奋的部分是支持我们的社区。

\[00:22:18\] There\'s hundreds of thousands of people around the world
who have people who are hacking on it who are building interesting
things. Just last week one of our partners jawbone who\'s Husain\'s
going be on the stage in a little bit. He Charbon launched an activity
tracking app on Pebble that lets you do step tracking and all these
other good activity tracking but it works with the pebbles that came up
two years ago. We\'re really committed to making sure that pebble can be
a growing platform that other people can hack on and that will become
more and more important as time goes on. It\'s not something that\'s
revolutionary it\'s it\'s not going to change your life the moment that
you put it on but it becomes part of your habit it becomes part of your
routine and over time it just adds more and more value. Some of the
other amazing stories from the community our Web site are like a Web
site called the watch face generator which is this guy called Paul. He
lives in Germany. He built this app. He built this Web site that lets
anyone write their own watch face for pebble. You just upload a bitmap
or an image.

[00：22：18]世界上有成千上万的人，他们的黑客正在建造有趣的东西。就在上周，我们的合作伙伴之一哈伯恩(Husain)马上就要上台了。他在鹅卵石上推出了一个活动跟踪应用程序，让你可以进行步进跟踪和所有其他好的活动跟踪，但它适用于两年前出现的鹅卵石。我们确实致力于确保鹅卵石能够成为其他人可以破解的成长平台，而且随着时间的推移，这个平台将变得越来越重要。它不是革命性的东西，它不会改变你的生活，但它会成为你习惯的一部分，它会成为你日常生活的一部分，随着时间的推移，它只会增加越来越多的价值。其他一些来自社区的令人惊奇的故事，我们的网站就像一个叫做“手表脸生成器”的网站，这个人叫保罗。他住在德国。他开发了这个应用程序。他创建了这个网站，让任何人都可以为鹅卵石写自己的手表脸。你只需上传一张位图或图片。

\[00:23:20\] You move the little hands around on the screen and you can
create your own watch face over 250000 people have done this I believe.

[00：23：20]你移动屏幕上的小手，你可以创建你自己的手表脸，我相信已经有超过250000人这样做了。

\[00:23:30\] I don\'t know for certain but I believe that there\'s more
different. There\'s more types of watch faces available for pebble than
there are different types of watches available the entire world. That
kind of thing is just kind of mind boggling when you think about the
fact that we we started out six and a half years ago to make them make a
watch just for ourselves. And now there\'s people all around the world
hacking on it building really cool things.

[00：23：30]我不确定，但我相信还有更多的不同。有更多类型的手表表面可用于鹅卵石比有不同类型的手表可供整个世界。当你想到我们六年半前开始为自己制造手表的时候，这类事情简直让人心烦意乱。现在世界各地的人都在窃听它，建筑真的很酷。

\[00:23:54\] And it leaves me pretty pretty damn excited for the future.

[00：23：54]这让我为未来感到非常兴奋。

\[00:23:58\] So I appreciate the time. And yeah that\'s a little bit
about the pebble story applause.


[00：23：58]所以我很感谢你能抽出时间。是的，那是关于鹅卵石故事的一点掌声。

