**Kevin Systrom at Startup School SV 2014-\_h\_6xM36Z4g.mp4**

*凯文·希斯特罗姆在启动学校SV 2014-\_h_6xM36Z4g.mp4*

\[00:00:03\] Kevin thanks a lot for joining us today. Absolutely. Thanks
for having me. It\'s nice big crowd.

凯文非常感谢你今天加入我们。绝对一点儿没错谢谢你邀请我。这是一大群人。

\[00:00:08\] Yes this is quite a few people. Well we can just launch
right in. I guess you know the crazy thing about this audience right
here is that there might be the next kind of really successful hotheads
sitting there might be you might be the one person sitting next to you
right now. I guess a lot that I love to hear initially is like how did
you even come to startups. At what point did you realize this was
something that you could do that you wanted to do.

[00：00：08]是的，这是相当多的人。我们可以直接进去。我想你知道这里的观众的疯狂之处在于，也许会有下一个真正成功的疯子坐在那里，也许你就是现在坐在你旁边的那个人。我想我一开始很喜欢听的就是你是怎么来到创业公司的。在什么时候，你意识到这是你可以做的，你想做的事情。

\[00:00:40\] Well the first thing I\'ll say is I challenge that there
might be a founder here in the audience that\'s going to do something
big. It\'s like the birthday paradox right. There\'s absolutely the
chance that someone in this room here today will be the CEO CTO founder
of like one of the world\'s most changing companies in the next 10
years. We live in a really special place where people get to work on
ideas where failure is tolerated. I mean if you travel overseas to other
places there\'s a reason why Silicon Valley is so different. And that\'s
because failure is tolerated. You asked me a question which is why did I
end up getting up into the startup world. I grew up in outside of Boston
Massachusetts in a small town. Very few people have heard of called
Holliston. And it was there that I realized that I loved doing lots of
different stuff it\'s not that I loved technology. It was that I loved
doing lots of different stuff so I went to boarding school. And I was
the guy hanging a an antenna outside of my dorm room window to do a
pirate radio station right. Like I was designing flyers for dances. I
was deejaying like I just love doing a lot of different things. And when
I read required reading in school our junior year was this book called
The New New Thing that Netscape Salga right. I read that and I said to
myself like this feels like an area of the world I can come to and be
myself and do lots of different things and see what sticks. So I was
drawn. I did a trip to Stanford just to see the school because I was
interviewing at a bunch of East Coast schools. I came to Stanford. I was
like there are palm trees. It\'s beautiful. And everyone loves working
hard on really cool stuff. And I remember it was one of those first
beautiful days back in Massachusetts. Like you know you go through the
entire winter and it\'s gray. For those of you from Massachusetts you
know what I\'m talking about. And you get to the first beautiful day and
I was talking a specific school I won\'t name my name. And there was
like not a single person outside. I just said to myself like I want to
be in a place where people want to enjoy life but work hard too. So
Stanford was just like a natural. That\'s what drew me to being out here
and being kind of a little schizophrenic and how I treat different ideas
and go from thing to thing.

[00：00：40]我要说的第一件事是，我要挑战的是，观众中可能有一位创始人会做一些大事。就像生日悖论一样。今天在座的人绝对有可能成为未来10年世界上变化最大的公司之一的首席执行官、首席技术官(CTO)的创始人。我们生活在一个非常特别的地方，人们可以在那里工作，在那里，失败是可以容忍的。我的意思是，如果你到其他地方去旅行，那就是硅谷如此与众不同的原因之一。那是因为失败是可以容忍的。你问我一个问题，那就是为什么我最终会进入创业世界。我在马萨诸塞州波士顿郊外的一个小镇上长大。很少有人听说过霍利斯顿。就在那里，我意识到我喜欢做很多不同的事情-不是我喜欢科技。因为我喜欢做很多不同的事情，所以我去了寄宿学校。我就是那个把天线挂在宿舍窗户外面做海盗电台的家伙。就像我在设计舞蹈传单。我喜欢做很多不同的事情。当我在学校读到必读时，我们大三的时候，这本书叫做“网景·萨尔加权利的新事物”。我读了这篇文章，我对自己说，这感觉就像世界上的一个区域，我可以来到这里，做自己，做很多不同的事情，看看什么东西管用。所以我被吸引了。我去斯坦福大学只是为了看看学校，因为我在东海岸的一些学校面试。我来到斯坦福。我就像有棕榈树一样。它很美。每个人都喜欢在很酷的东西上努力工作。我记得那是马萨诸塞州第一个美好的日子。就像你知道你整个冬天都是灰色的。对你们马萨诸塞州的人来说，你们知道我在说什么。到了第一个美好的日子，我说的是一所特殊的学校，我不愿说我的名字。外面没有一个人。我只是对自己说，我想呆在一个人们想要享受生活，但也要努力工作的地方。所以斯坦福大学就像个天生的人。这就是吸引我来到这里的原因，我有点精神分裂症，我如何对待不同的想法，从一件事到另一件事。

\[00:02:57\] But that\'s kind of the ethos of an entrepreneur hired at
Stanford you kind of started your first thing I was a class classified
my side. Is that right.

[00：02：57]但是，这是斯坦福大学雇佣的企业家的一种精神，你开始了你的第一件事-我是属于我这一边的班级。对吗？

\[00:03:06\] Yeah. As many people know and I\'m not sure how this has
changed to date. At Stanford and other schools but like no one has
money. And all you want to do is get a fridge for your room.

[00：03：06]是的。正如许多人所知道的，我不知道到目前为止，这种情况是如何改变的。在斯坦福和其他学校，但就像没有人有钱一样。你想要做的就是为你的房间准备一台冰箱。

\[00:03:19\] Right. And I\'m pretty certain that every single year
someone starts the startup and I caught this trap too which is just like
how do you allow students to trade goods at the beginning and end of the
year and there\'s this interesting mismatch between like the end of the
year. People want to get rid of the stuff in the beginning of the year
everyone wants to buy stuff. So I sat down and I decided to teach myself
Ruby on Rails and I was like this is going to be a really awesome skill
so I learned that learned about databases and learned enough to be
dangerous. And this is like one of the lessons in entrepreneurship is
that like you don\'t have to be the best but you have to be dangerous
right. You have to learn just enough to be dangerous.

[00：03：19]对。我非常肯定，每一年都有人开始创业，而我也陷入了这个陷阱，就像你如何允许学生在年初和年底进行商品交易，而在年底这两者之间存在着有趣的不匹配。人们想要在年初扔掉这些东西，每个人都想买东西。于是我坐下来，决定自学RubyonRails，我觉得这将是一项非常棒的技能，所以我学到了关于数据库的知识，并且学到了足够危险的东西。这就像是创业的一个教训，就像你不需要成为最好的人，但你必须是危险的，对的。你必须学到足够多的东西才能变得危险。

\[00:03:59\] To build an idea concept it and show it to the world and
then it turns out there are lots of other people including all 170
employees that work at Instagram who are much better at doing all that
stuff than I am.

[00：03：59]为了建立一个观念，把它展示给世界，结果发现还有很多人，包括所有在Instagram工作的170名员工，他们比我更擅长做这些事情。

\[00:04:10\] But you\'d need to find people who can you know be drawn to
the idea that you build and and then they end up taking it and and make
any of it better.

[00：04：10]但是你需要找到那些你知道的人，他们会被你的想法所吸引，然后他们就会把它拿走，让它变得更好。

\[00:04:18\] So I worked on a classified ad startup at Stanford called
the trellised. It was supposed to be like Craigslist but the tree is the
same.

[00：04：18]所以我在斯坦福大学做了一家分类广告初创公司，名叫Trellised。它应该像Craigslist，但树是一样的。

\[00:04:27\] It was a really terrible name. I\'m not a morning out of
the way. Thank you everyone for laughing. Laughter.

[00：04：27]这是个非常糟糕的名字。我不是一个被挡开的早晨。谢谢大家的笑。笑声。

\[00:04:33\] So what\'s interesting though is I started it not at
Stanford but actually while I was studying abroad in Florence. So I love
art history I love photography obviously so I\'d studied in Florence for
three months and I remember we didn\'t have much to do after class
because it was the winter it was cold. I think the program had 12
students in it. So you\'d go home to your host family and you\'d eat an
awesome Italian dinner and then you\'d sit there without TV and you just
say OK what do I want to do.

[00：04：33]有趣的是，我不是在斯坦福大学开始的，而是在佛罗伦萨留学的时候开始的。所以我喜欢艺术史，我显然喜欢摄影，所以我在佛罗伦萨学习了三个月，我记得下课后我们没什么事可做，因为那时是冬天，天气很冷。我想这个项目有12个学生。所以你回家去找你的主人家，吃一顿很棒的意大利晚餐，然后你坐在那里不看电视，你就说，好吧，我想做什么。

\[00:05:05\] So Wi-Fi really wasn\'t a thing in their building and I
would have my laptop and I would literally just build this site at the
time on my little.

[00：05：05]所以Wi-Fi真的不是他们大楼里的东西，我会有我的笔记本电脑，我会在那个时候把这个网站建在我的小电脑上。

\[00:05:14\] It was an eyeball look and what I would do is actually to
ship code. I would go outside of the apartment building down the street.
And like I remember specifically one day it was snowing it doesn\'t snow
in Florence very often. That\'s why I remember it it was snowing and I
would go next to the public library line with my laptop until I got
enough signal and I would like SYNC FPP to make the files go to the
server and then I would send off all my emails promoting it to people
back at Stanford. So I was literally just trying to launch this thing
from afar.

[00：05：14]这是一种眼珠子的表情，我要做的实际上是发送代码。我会到街对面的公寓楼外面去。就像我特别记得的那样，有一天正在下雪，佛罗伦萨不常下雪。这就是为什么我记得当时下着雪，我会带着笔记本电脑去公共图书馆，直到我收到足够多的信号，我想让FPP同步文件到服务器，然后我会把我所有的电子邮件发送给斯坦福大学的人。所以我真的只是想从远处发射这个东西。

\[00:05:45\] There\'s so much you can learn from even launching the
thing that you know a lot of people attempt but the actual action of
getting it out there like that was probably the first first step to a
lot of the other things that you did later.

[00：05：45]你可以从你知道的事情中学到很多东西，很多人都尝试过，但是像这样把它拿出来的实际行动可能是你后来做的许多其他事情的第一步。

\[00:05:59\] Yeah I think what probably helped to you is like the idea
that I wasn\'t on the ground listening to whether or not people liked it
gave me enough like ammunition and confidence to like keep working on
it. And then all I had it was like are people using this or not. Not
like what do they think about it and are they judging the idea but like
are they using it. And that\'s really important because what people tell
you and how people act are very very different sometimes. So the lesson
I learned was not very many people were using it. So we ended up like I
ended up forming the idea more and to a like less of a overall
Craigslist and more of it just a goods transfer.

[00：05：59]是的，我想可能对你有帮助的是，我没有在地面上听别人是否喜欢它，这给了我足够的弹药和信心，让我喜欢继续努力。然后我所拥有的就是人们使用或不使用这个。不像他们是怎么想的，他们是如何判断这个想法的，而是他们是否在使用它。这是非常重要的，因为人们告诉你的事情和人们的行为有时是非常不同的。所以我学到的教训是，没有多少人使用它。所以我们最终就像我最终形成了更多的想法，更像是一个整体的Craigslist，更多的只是一个货物转移。

\[00:06:38\] But again the other lesson here is sometimes it\'s not
about the idea that you\'re working on but instead the skills that
you\'re learning while you work on it and that really helped me not only
learn to program but also like learned to market a consumer site to
people. And I mean colleges are probably the best form of marketing
because everyone\'s interconnected and they talk all the time.

[00：06：38]但是，这里的另一个教训是，有时不是你在工作的想法，而是你在努力学习的技能，这不仅帮助我学会编程，而且还帮助我学会向人们推销一个消费者网站。我的意思是，大学可能是最好的营销形式，因为每个人都相互联系，他们一直在交谈。

\[00:07:01\] An incredible amount of groundwork for Instagram started
far earlier and your experiences with previous start ups and learning to
code. I totally agree. Just being able to talk to your other founders be
able to build something for other people. It all starts early. So from
there I guess a lot of the people in this room are in college or are
about to graduate. Trying to figure out what their next move is. And so
you know talk us through what your mind where your mind was that when
you were graduating what you were thinking kind of you know the first
experiences right before during college and after college.

[00：07：01]Instagram的基础工作起步早得令人难以置信，你以前的创业经历和学习编码的经历也早得令人难以置信。我完全同意。只要能和你的其他创始人交谈，就能为其他人创造一些东西。一切都开始得很早。因此，我想这个房间里的很多人都在上大学，或者即将毕业。想弄清楚他们下一步的行动是什么。所以你知道，告诉我们你的想法是什么，你的思想是什么，当你毕业的时候，你的想法，你知道第一次经历，就在大学之前和大学毕业后。

\[00:07:38\] Yeah I think everyone\'s experience is different. First
every. Everyone in this room has to take the idea that there is a
perfect next move and throw it out the window. There aren\'t many
windows in this room but throw it out the window. Okay. There\'s no
perfect next move. I had the privilege of going to a Marine base once
and talking to Marines about how they plan their next move. And there\'s
this phrase called bias towards action that I really was taken to. So
the idea that you can spend all of your time thinking about what the
perfect next move is trying to plan. Am I going to work at Google. Am I
going to work at Microsoft. Like which one. Like am I going to work at
McKinsey or Bain like trying to figure out all like the next perfect
move and spending a tremendous amount of time trying to figure that out.
The Marines say you can spend all the time you want but by the time
you\'ve figured it out you\'re dead. Okay. So like sometimes you need to
make a tradeoff of what is the action I can take with the appropriate
amount of information and risk to move because moving and progress is
what gets us to the next step. So for me I mean when I was in school
trying to figure out what to do after college. All of my friends were
interviewing at investment banks and Bain and McKinsey and they were
getting these offer letters with six figures and I was like oh I got six
figures right out of college is crazy. By the way it is.

[00：07：38]是的，我认为每个人的经历都不一样。首先是每一个。这个房间里的每个人都必须接受下一个完美动作的想法，然后把它扔出窗外。这个房间没有多少窗户，但把它扔到窗外去。好的。没有完美的下一步行动。我有幸去过海军陆战队基地一次，并与海军陆战队讨论了他们下一步的计划。有一句话叫做“对行动的偏见”，这是我真正被接受的。所以，你可以把所有的时间都花在想下一步该做什么的想法上。我要去谷歌工作吗。我要去微软工作吗？比如哪一个。就像我要在麦肯锡或者贝恩工作，就像我想找出下一个完美的行动，花大量的时间来解决这个问题。海军陆战队说你可以随心所欲地花时间，但当你想明白的时候，你就死定了。好的。因此，就像有时你需要做一个权衡，我可以采取的行动，与适当数量的信息和风险，以采取行动，因为移动和进步是什么使我们进入下一步。所以对我来说，我的意思是，当我在学校的时候，我想知道大学毕业后该做什么。我所有的朋友都在投资银行、贝恩和麦肯锡面试，他们收到了这些写着六位数的邀请信，我觉得，噢，我刚从大学毕业就拿到了六位数，真是疯了。顺便说一下。

\[00:09:07\] And laughter it is right. I like for a guy that didn\'t
take a startup for the sorry salary for the first two years of you know
funning bourbon Sosh Instagram.

[00：09：07]笑声是对的。我喜欢一个在最初两年没有接受创业公司的人，你知道，在Instagram上玩波旁威士忌Instagram。

\[00:09:17\] It was like he was really Harring to think that people can
have a stock such a salary out of college and you\'re gonna go like take
not a great job that you\'re going to do something that\'s a little
riskier. It turns out and I mean don\'t quote me on this because your
parents will kill me. It\'s all going to be fine. OK. When I told my
parents that I was going to go do a startup. And I know we\'re all a bit
older here. But like you know when I told my parents I was going to do a
startup there like What about health insurance. And I was like it\'s a
good point.

[00：09：17]他认为人们可以在大学毕业后就有这么高的薪水，而你却要去做一份不太好的工作，去做一些风险更大的事情，这就像他真的是在哈林(Harring)一样。我的意思是不要引用我的话因为你父母会杀了我。一切都会好起来的。好的当我告诉我父母我要去做一家创业公司的时候。我知道我们都老了一点。但正如你所知，当我告诉我的父母，我打算在那里做一家创业公司，比如医疗保险。我觉得这是个很好的观点。

\[00:09:46\] What about the health insurance.

[00：09：46]健康保险呢？

\[00:09:49\] So thank you parents for making me think of that. So let\'s
see here.

[00：09：49]谢谢你们的父母让我想到这一点。让我们看看这里。

\[00:09:55\] It was scary. But that bias towards action was like there
is no perfect next move. You just need to know that by moving and
learning it all adds up that summation of your experience over the last
years is what makes you like into the thing tomorrow. That will be
successful and it just takes trying and trying and trying again. I mean
Instagram like filter\'s came from a photography class that I took in
Florence or my my photography teacher gave me a square format camera
called a hoga. It\'s this plastic camera that got kind of hip with
hipsters and anyway handed it to me and he said you should use this. And
as we were developing the film he is like you know you can change the
look of the image if you put these chemicals in the bath when you\'re
developing the print. And I was like interesting. Say you put it in like
the colors start changing to this interesting purple. And I started
thinking to myself like oh my god this is like also I do it on all my
prints and every time I made a print every one of the people in that
class were like the prints are so cool. That idea laid dormant for like
five years. So every little experience you have. You may not give credit
to you but it turns out is super important for you know being
foundational in your startup going forward and you\'ll end up kind of
figuring out how it takes form in your startup going forward. But each
and every little experience adds up.

[00：09：55]很可怕。但这种对行动的偏见似乎没有完美的下一步行动。你只需要知道，通过移动和学习，所有这一切加起来，总结你过去几年的经验，是什么使你喜欢明天的事情。这将是成功的，它只需要尝试和再次尝试。我的意思是Instagram就像过滤器一样，来自我在佛罗伦萨上的摄影课，或者我的摄影老师给了我一个叫做Hoga的方形相机。这是一台塑料相机，它受到了潮人的欢迎，无论如何，他都把它递给了我，他说你应该用这个。当我们开发胶卷的时候，他就像你知道的，你可以改变照片的外观，如果你把这些化学物质放在浴缸里，当你在冲洗印刷品的时候。我很有趣。比如说你把它放进去，就像颜色开始变到这个有趣的紫色。我开始想，哦，天啊，这就像我在所有的版画上都这样做，每次我做一个版画，班上的每一个人都觉得版画太酷了。这个想法被搁置了大约五年。所以你所拥有的每一次小体验。你可能不给你荣誉，但事实证明，这是非常重要的，因为你知道，在你的创业，向前发展的基础，你将结束在某种程度上搞清楚它是如何在你的创业发展中形成的。但每一次小小的经历都会加起来。

\[00:11:16\] So flash forward a few years. Your uncropped effort Google
kind of thinking about your next thing and you start talking to people
about Lalan thinking about starting something maybe furtive sharing some
or perhaps something around each 5. The initial idea Ramban starts
percolating like what was that like initially and how did you get your
first co-founder entomb yet I\'m going to answer a slightly different
question as I have a better story about that tiras.

[00：11：16]快闪几年吧。你的努力，谷歌有点想你的下一件事，你开始和人们谈论拉兰，想开始一些事情，也许是秘密分享一些，或在每5个左右的东西。最初的想法，拉姆班开始渗出，像最初的样子，你是如何得到你的第一个联合创始人安葬，但我将回答一个稍微不同的问题，因为我有一个更好的故事，蒂拉。

\[00:11:44\] Which is that like I was working in marketing at Google and
I had taken the marketing class are sorry marketing job even though I
wanted to be technical against all the other jobs that I had offered.

[00：11：44]也就是说，就像我在谷歌(Google)做营销工作一样，我上过营销课，这是一份很遗憾的营销工作，尽管我想在所有其他工作岗位上做技术上的工作。

\[00:11:57\] There were like two or three a couple at a startup one at
Microsoft one to Google. I took the lowest salary of anyone that like
any of the offers that I had because I wanted to work in a specific job
at Google. I didn\'t care what job it was actually I just care that it
was at Google and I would surround myself by amazing people. That was
the first lesson that I learned just like go to where the people are.
And like short term long term tradeoffs just go to where the people are
being at Google and going to corp dev was an interesting move because I
was like I want to be startups again. I learned a lot about startups in
school but I want to be back in the startup world. And then 2008
happened and I\'m not sure how many people remember 2008 in this forum.

[00：11：57]在一家初创公司里，大约有两三个人，一个在微软，一个在谷歌。我接受了任何喜欢我的提议的人的最低工资，因为我想在谷歌做一份特定的工作。我不在乎这是什么工作，我只关心它在谷歌，我会被令人惊叹的人围绕在自己身边。这是我学到的第一课，就像去人民的地方一样。就像短期的长期权衡一样，只要去谷歌(Google)工作的地方，去公司开发公司(Corpdev)是一个有趣的举动，因为我想再次成为初创企业。我在学校学到了很多关于创业的知识，但我想回到创业世界。然后2008年发生了，我不知道在这个论坛上有多少人记得2008年。

\[00:12:38\] But the economy kind of went to crap and I remember looking
at my boss and being like okay so like can we buy this companies like
no. Can we buy this company. No one of them an IOU even named the name
but it was a really interesting company ended up doing really well I
wish we had purchased it. But the thing is he was like we\'re actually
not going to do many deals now.

[00：12：38]但是经济有点糟透了，我记得看着我的老板，感觉很好，所以我们可以像这样收购这家公司吗？我们能买下这家公司吗。他们中没有一个人，一个欠条，甚至命名了这个名字，但它是一个非常有趣的公司，最后做得很好，我希望我们买了它。但问题是他觉得我们现在不打算做很多交易了。

\[00:12:57\] You should probably just go golfing and for like a 20
something year old thinking of themselves like I want to make a
difference in the world and your bosses telling you to go golfing like
maybe I should just leave. So I did. And I actually there\'s a chapter
in between Google and bourbon that not many people know about but I
ended up joining a startup of some Google folks called next stop which
is like hugely transformational for me because that\'s where I cut my
teeth learning to program learning to build a you know a site. And
everything I learned in that year at next stop before starting bourbon
was actually like it made me ready to go do Werben. So again every move
you think needs to be perfect it turns out just like surround yourself
by great people where you can learn the most and great things will
happen. But I didn\'t go golfing and that\'s rule number two.

[00：12：57]你应该去打高尔夫球，就像一个20多岁的人在想我想要改变世界，而你的老板告诉你去打高尔夫球，就像我应该离开一样。所以我做了。事实上，我在谷歌和波旁之间有一章，但没有多少人知道，但我最终加入了一家名为“下一站”(Next Stop)的谷歌创业公司，这对我来说是一个巨大的变革，因为那是我学编程学习创建一个你知道的网站的地方。在那一年，在开始波旁酒之前，我学到的所有东西都让我准备去做波旁酒。所以，你认为需要完美的每一步都是完美的，就像被伟大的人围绕着一样，在那里你可以学到最多和最伟大的事情。但我没有去打高尔夫球，这是第二条规则。

\[00:13:50\] So bourbon was initially in a small five location sharing
kind of app. And I guess how did you come to that. At what point did you
come up with how five is kind of a new thing that\'s happening. Let\'s
link that to the other thing that I also really want you know what was.
How did that come about.

[00：13：50]所以波旁酒最初是在一个小型的五个位置共享的应用程序中实现的。我想你是怎么做到的。在什么时候，你想出了五是一种正在发生的新事物。让我们把它和另一件我也想让你知道的东西联系起来。这是怎么发生的。

\[00:14:11\] I have this think I\'m sure it exists in other people\'s
minds as well. But it\'s called combinatorial entrepreneurship. So just
like take a bunch of terms that are hot and swap them around until you
get something that\'s interesting.

[00：14：11]我有这样的想法，我确信它也存在于其他人的头脑中。但它被称为组合创业。所以，就像拿一些热门的术语，然后把它们互换，直到你得到一些有趣的东西。

\[00:14:22\] It was like HMO five check ins badges points. Some of these
guys right to say said ok no it\'s ok. I mean listen it ended up being
Instagram eventually.

[00：14：22]这就像HMO的五个检查卡积分。有些人说得对，好吧，不，没关系。我的意思是，听着，它最终变成了Instagram。

\[00:14:31\] But Charles we got there.

[00：14：31]但是查尔斯，我们到了。

\[00:14:38\] It\'s a great way to generate ideas. But bourbon itself was
like okay I don\'t actually. It\'s funny. I remember pitching to
Andreessen Horowitz and being like aged 0 5 the future and they\'re like
we totally agree. And I\'m thinking in my head like I just don\'t know
how to make iPhone apps so I\'m going to make it in age five laughter.

[00：14：38]这是一种产生想法的好方法。但波旁威士忌本身就像是好的，我其实不知道。这很有趣。我记得我向安德烈森·霍洛维茨(Andreessen Horowitz)推介，像0岁的时候一样，他们就像我们完全同意一样。我脑子里想的好像我不知道如何制作iPhone应用程序，所以我要在5岁时发出笑声。

\[00:14:59\] So it worked out for me.

[00：14：59]所以这件事为我解决了。

\[00:15:02\] But that ended up being like really important for a
development cycle was which was like we were able to iterate really
really quickly and like launch new features because it was aged Hammell.
And then the idea was like okay no one\'s using this thing because it\'s
really slow and it\'s aged him out and they can\'t put Nikon on their
screen or when they do it\'s really hard to. So we knew we had to go
native but we didn\'t know when and out back and yeah we had the back
end exactly. So when we decided to do Instagram what we did was we took
bourbon and we said OK. No one\'s using this thing. What do we do. Or
rather what are people using.

[00：15：02]但这对开发周期来说是非常重要的，这就像我们能够非常快地迭代，就像发布新特性一样，因为它已经过时了。然后这个想法就像没人使用这个东西，因为它很慢，它使他变老了，他们不能让尼康出现在他们的屏幕上，或者当他们这么做的时候真的很难。所以我们知道我们必须成为本地人，但我们不知道什么时候回来，当然，我们的后端是完全正确的。所以当我们决定做Instagram时，我们做的就是喝波旁威士忌，然后我们说好的。没人用这个东西。我们该怎么办。或者说人们在使用什么。

\[00:15:37\] So you tell actually by the way like how many Absolut users
or retention metric like data.

[00：15：37]所以你实际上告诉你有多少绝对用户或者数据的保留度。

\[00:15:43\] It\'s really easy to select count star on users or whatever
and it returns 80 approach guy protip Yeah it was really easy to tell
how users laughter.

[00：15：43]在用户上选择计数星号非常容易，它返回80位接近者ProTip是的，很容易知道用户是如何笑的。

\[00:16:00\] Side note the day that it got really interesting and
Instagram was when that craze stopped returning because there was a day
where like I was like Mike how many users do we have. And he was like Ed
this command isn\'t returning.

[00：16：00]请注意，它变得非常有趣的一天，Instagram是当这种狂热停止回来，因为有一天，我像迈克，我们有多少用户。他就像艾德这个命令不回来了。

\[00:16:14\] That\'s a good sign. That\'s a good sign you\'re doing
well. Totally.

[00：16：14]那是个好兆头，你做得很好，完全是。

\[00:16:19\] But yeah. Now there are tons of tools like to measure daily
actives and courts and that stuff and that was just something that I
mean it was kind of our own ignorance that didn\'t allow us to do that
initially. But it kept us focused on just building stuff. But anyway we
had bourbon and it was a location sharing app you could check in. And as
part of your Chaykin you can attach a photo or a video and you know
there were points and badges and achievements and all sorts of stuff and
I had like all the game theory books on my desk and I was like OK how
can we game ify this thing. And I was on this vacation because like it
wasn\'t working I needed to clear my head. My girlfriend and I went on
this vacation in Mexico. And we\'re walking along the beach and I\'m
like Nicole I think like you know photos are kind of interesting. Mike
and I had talked and we were like the photos part seems like it\'s what
people love the most. And she was like Yeah. But you know I don\'t like
posting photos because like they\'re not that great. And I was like What
do you mean they\'re not that great. And she goes well your friend Greg
always takes amazing photos. I was like well that\'s because he uses
Hipstamatic in camera bag and she\'s like what. And I was like well you
know he uses apps that filter your photos and they oppose him.

[00：16：19]但是的。现在有大量的工具，比如测量日常活动和法庭之类的东西，我的意思是，这是我们自己的无知，不允许我们一开始就这么做。但它让我们专注于建筑材料。但无论如何，我们有波旁威士忌，这是一个位置共享应用，你可以登记。作为Chaykin的一部分，你可以附上一张照片或一段视频，你知道这里有积分、徽章、成就和诸如此类的东西，我桌上就像所有的博弈论书一样，我很好，我们怎样才能把这个东西变成游戏呢？我去度假是因为我觉得这不管用，我需要理清我的思绪。我和女朋友去墨西哥度假了。我们沿着海滩散步，我就像妮可，我想你知道照片很有趣。迈克和我谈过，我们就像照片一样，这部分似乎是人们最喜欢的东西。她就像是的。但你知道我不喜欢贴照片，因为照片没那么棒。我觉得你说的不是很棒是什么意思。她做得很好，你的朋友格雷格总是拍很棒的照片。我觉得这很好，因为他在相机包里用了希波斯塔芬奇，而她就像什么。我就像，你知道，他使用的应用程序过滤你的照片，他们反对他。

\[00:17:24\] She goes oh you should add that laughter to your
girlfriend. Yes. Laughter.

[00：17：24]她说：“哦，你应该给你女朋友加点笑声。”是笑声。

\[00:17:34\] So actually that day she was like You should add that I
start to think I\'m like you know like maybe she\'s right maybe there\'s
something there. So I went home while not home we were staying in this
little bed and breakfast there was like you know there\'s like forty
dollars a night or something it was like a hostel and it had dial up
Internet. And I like basically researched how to change the look of
pixels in an image. And I built the first filter that afternoon which is
now called ex pro to which a lot of people love and use the first
thought I was the first one. And actually if you scroll all the way back
to my feet in the first image you actually see X proto and a little
Mexican dog at a taco stand because we were in Mexico and then how did
Kalven happen exactly.

[00：17：34]事实上，那天她就像你一样，应该补充说，我开始觉得我就像你知道的，也许她是对的，也许那里有什么东西。所以当我不在家的时候我回家了，我们住在这张小床上，早餐就像你知道的，每晚大约有40美元，或者什么的，就像一家旅店，它已经拨号上网了。我喜欢研究如何改变图像中像素的外观。那天下午，我建造了第一个过滤器，现在被称为“前专业”，很多人喜欢它，并使用第一个我是第一个人的想法。实际上，如果你在第一张图片中一直滚动到我的脚上，你会看到X Proto和一只墨西哥小狗在玉米饼摊上，因为我们在墨西哥，那么Kalven到底是怎么发生的。

\[00:18:12\] Let\'s not get into that.

[00：18：12]我们不要谈这件事。

\[00:18:14\] Well so here\'s the thing we did Felder\'s but that wasn\'t
the end of the story we had to come back and we cut a bunch of the
features and we made it native. And I was like alright let\'s launch
this thing. And it took us about eight weeks to build the first version
of Instagram and we launched it. And like I don\'t know like the first
day we had 25000 people sign up and then it just started it just like it
never stopped. It just kept going and going and going and I remember
leaning over to my Cofan. I was like Mike I think like this is going to
be something like to know. I mean he\'s the Pesa not the pessimist he\'s
the pragmatist and the co-founder paire and I\'m like you know
disillusion is like optimist like I\'d like to really dig in on that
because I\'m literally one of the best launches that any app even today
has seen.

[00：18：14]好吧，这就是我们所做的事情，费尔德，但这并不是故事的结尾，我们必须回来，我们剪掉了一堆特征，然后我们把它变成了土生土长的。我就像好的，让我们发射这个东西。我们花了大约八周的时间制作了Instagram的第一个版本，我们推出了它。就像我不知道，就像第一天，我们有25000人注册，然后它就开始了，就像它从未停止过一样。它一直在前进，我记得我靠在我的Cofan旁边。我就像迈克，我想这会是某种程度上的了解。我的意思是，他是佩萨，而不是悲观主义者，他是实用主义者和联合创始人帕瑞，而我就像你所知道的那样，幻灭就像乐观主义者一样，我很想深入研究这个问题，因为我实际上是任何一个应用程序都见过的最好的发布之一。

\[00:19:03\] You know how did how did you end the year that you had such
an incredible amount of support from the right people. You were featured
all these things like how did how do people get there.

[00：19：03]你知道你是如何结束这一年的，你得到了来自正确的人如此之多的支持。你的特写是这样的，比如人们是如何到达那里的。

\[00:19:13\] Yeah. First of all. Like great hiring for your company is
it starts well before you need people. You know I worked at a company
called Odeo back in the day and my first day I showed up and I sat down
at my intern desk and they they\'re like we\'d like to introduce you to
the new engineer. His name is Jack Dorsey and he sits down and like
these are the types of stories we\'re like you just meet people along
the way and the Valley is really small. By the way the valley is smaller
than this room. The people you will meet. Time and time again in the
valley are probably in this room right now and you will meet them in one
job and then another and then another. And like the relationships we\'ve
built over time helped us when we got to the point of launching where
we\'re like hey can you use this thing and like tweeted out maybe my
thing is there and I say no but actually they loved it so much so not
only do they have to love it but then they also have to be willing to do
you know promotion for it because they\'re your friends because you have
a previous relationship. But like we created so much buzz up until our
launch that like once we launched it was this grounds. Is this
groundswell and the other thing is be relentless. OK the one thing
everyone\'s going to tell you is that your idea is bad and it\'s never
going to work. Do you know why. Because 99 percent of ideas don\'t work.
And if someone says they\'re not going to work they\'re generally look
right and because they\'re generally right they convince themselves that
no ideas work. But it turns out you have to be your own advocate. You
have to believe that it\'s going to work. I remember saying to some
people that were helping us with press I\'m going to talk to Claire Kane
at the New York Times. Now you are right about Instagram. This is
prelaunch. And there were like There\'s no way you\'re gonna get her to
write about Instagram like Google is her beat. Like she doesn\'t write
about little startups like you like like okay I\'m going to do it and
they\'re like don\'t do it. I was like Alright I\'m going to do it. And
I emailed her and sure enough she emails right back and she\'s like sure
I\'ll come over and see what you guys are doing. She writes this awesome
article our first day of launch and like that was super helpful but it
just turns out that like you have to be your own advocate because
because no one else is incentivized to believe that your idea is going
to work. So you absolutely have to believe or like no one else is going
to vote.

[00：19：13]是的。首先。就像你的公司很好的招聘工作一样，在你需要人手之前就开始了。你知道我那天在一家叫Odeo的公司工作，第一天我出现了，我坐在我的实习生办公桌前，他们就像我们想把你介绍给新的工程师一样。他的名字叫杰克·多尔西，他坐下来，就像这些故事一样，我们就像你在路上遇到的人一样，山谷真的很小。顺便说一下，山谷比这个房间小。你会遇到的人。山谷里一次又一次的可能现在就在这个房间里，你会在一份工作，然后另一份工作中遇到他们。就像随着时间的推移，我们建立起来的关系帮助了我们，当我们开始的时候，我们就像嘿，你能用这个东西，就像在推特上说的那样，也许我的东西在那里，我说不，但实际上他们非常喜欢它，所以他们不仅必须爱它，而且还必须愿意你知道提升它。因为他们是你的朋友因为你以前有过关系。但就像我们在发射前创造了如此多的热议，就像我们发射时一样，它就是这样的地方。是这场风潮而另一件事是无情的。好的，每个人都会告诉你的一件事是，你的想法很糟糕，而且永远也行不通。你知道为什么。因为99%的想法行不通。如果有人说他们不工作，他们一般看起来都是对的，因为他们一般是对的，他们说服自己没有任何想法有效。但事实证明你必须是你自己的代言人。你得相信它会成功的。我记得曾对一些帮助我们处理新闻问题的人说过，我将在“纽约时报”采访克莱尔·凯恩(ClaireKane)。现在你对Instagram的看法是对的。这是发射前。你不可能让她写Instagram，就像谷歌是她的拍档。就像她不写你喜欢的小公司一样，好吧，我会这么做的，他们也不会这么做。我就像好的，我会这么做的。我给她发了邮件，她马上回复邮件，她肯定我会过来看看你们在做什么。她写了这篇很棒的文章，这是我们发布的第一天，这是非常有用的，但事实证明，就像你必须成为你自己的拥护者，因为没有人会被激励去相信你的想法会奏效。所以你绝对要相信或者不像其他人那样去投票。

\[00:21:30\] Taking a step back right before lunch like Shirley just
like anyone else you had crazy prelaunch jitters. How did you know that
it was ready for other people to try.

[00：21：30]午饭前退一步，就像雪莉一样，就像其他人一样，你有疯狂的启动前紧张。你怎么知道已经准备好让别人试试了。

\[00:21:41\] So lesson ember three and startups we launched at midnight
I remember is twelve thirtya.m. October 6 and I press the button on the
app store and back then when you press the button in the App Store Your
assumption is like this is going to take a while it\'s probably not
going to go out to the public instantly people started signing up. I was
like wait what 30 who is up like installing apps right. Alec no one
knows about this. It turns out somewhere else in the world it\'s like
midday laughter.

[00：21：41]所以我记得我们在午夜发起的第三课和创业是在凌晨12点半。10月6日，我在应用程序商店按下按钮，然后当你按下应用商店的按钮时，你的假设是，这需要一段时间，人们可能不会立即向公众公开。我就像是在等30岁的人，他喜欢安装应用程序。没人知道这件事。结果发现，世界上其他地方就像中午的笑声。

\[00:22:12\] So like we weren\'t exactly the smartest group laughter.

[00：22：12]所以我们不是最聪明的笑声。

\[00:22:17\] So like what ended up happening is like the first giant set
of users on Instagram we\'re all like from not China but like Asia a
bunch of like German users were signing up and we looked at the e-mail
addresses and like Hotmail Doddy and we\'re like why are all these
German users signing up and we\'re like Oh because it\'s like you know
9:00a.m. they\'re like people are actually awake. So what ended up
happening was a ton of people signed up. We were on a single server at a
small little colo facility down inL.A. that you could rent a physical
server that was like I remember someone saying to me like why are you
guys on one server like why don\'t you just useA.W. And I was like
What\'s AWOL.

[00：22：17]就像Instagram上的第一大群用户一样，我们都是来自中国，但像亚洲一样，一群像德国用户一样注册，我们查看了电子邮件地址和Hotmail Doddy，我们就像为什么所有的德国用户都注册了，我们喜欢哦，因为你知道早上9：00。他们就像人们实际上是醒着的。所以最终发生的是一堆人注册了。我们当时在洛杉矶的一个小型Colo工厂里的一个服务器上，你可以租一个物理服务器，就像我记得有人对我说，为什么你们在一个服务器上，为什么你们不使用A.W。而我就像\‘.’

\[00:22:59\] Laughter. You all laugh. But it wasn\'t obvious at the
time.

[00：22：59]笑声。你们都笑吧。但这在当时并不明显。

\[00:23:04\] And when we launched it\'s like we little tiny server which
is like had half of the power of an iPad like basically couldn\'t keep
up. And we called them and were like hey we need another server I think
and they\'re like another server I\'m like yes. One more server Lee is
there.

[00：23：04]当我们启动它的时候，它就像我们的小服务器，它拥有iPad一半的能力，基本上无法跟上。我们打电话给他们，好像我们需要另一台服务器，他们就像另一台服务器，我想是的。还有一台服务器Lee在那里。

\[00:23:21\] Laughter I\'m like that\'ll be four days.

[00：23：21]笑声我想那是四天。

\[00:23:25\] And we\'re like no we need at Rusciano like okay well four
hours work and we\'re like no. Like we need it. Now we\'re launching
like everyone\'s Candy. So when all the press hit a 9am and everyone
started tweeting like first of all never watch Twitter when you launch
because it\'s like really demoralizing everyone\'s boobs. Like they
don\'t know what they\'re doing. And I literally thought to myself like
we have this great idea but like no one loves it because like we\'re
down and actually one of the guys at the coworking space like told us
like took a picture on Instagram of a boss trying to keep the site up
and tried posting it.

[00：23：25]我们在鲁西亚诺需要的是，好的，四个小时的工作，我们就像不一样。好像我们需要它。现在我们像大家一样发射糖果。所以当所有媒体早上9点开始发推文时，首先不要看推特，因为这让每个人的胸部都很沮丧。好像他们不知道自己在做什么。我自言自语地想，好像我们有了这个好主意，但好像没有人喜欢它，因为就像我们在合作空间里一样，其中一个人告诉我们，就像在Instagram上拍了一张照片，一个老板试图保持网站正常运行，并试图发布它。

\[00:24:00\] It\'s frame somewhere. I\'m not totally. You can actually
it\'s Aaron Gottwald. Thank you Erin. Calling them out by name in front
of seventeen hundred people. Yeah.

[00：24：00]它的画框在某个地方。我不是完全的。你实际上可以是亚伦戈特沃尔德。谢谢你，艾琳。在1700人面前叫他们的名字。是的。

\[00:24:09\] But yeah we there were jitters but it was more adrenaline
than anything it was like how do we keep this thing up. Like how do we
make sure that it doesn\'t topple. I still think we I mean if you ask
many entrepreneurs and very few will tell you that they think they were
lucky. I think we\'re really lucky to know the right people to be in the
right place at the right time to have devices progressed to the point
where like people wanted to take photos but didn\'t want to take photos
unless you did something to them like we were at the right place right
time with the right team. And I feel forever lucky for that. But I mean
it takes a lot of hard work once you\'re lucky.

[00：24：09]但是的，我们有紧张的感觉，但这比任何事情都更让人兴奋，就像我们如何保持这种状态一样。比如我们如何确保它不会倒塌。我仍然认为，我是说，如果你问很多企业家，很少人会告诉你，他们认为他们是幸运的。我认为我们真的很幸运，我们知道正确的人在正确的时间在正确的地点，让设备发展到像人们想要拍照的程度，但不想拍照，除非你对他们做了一些事情，就像我们在正确的时间和正确的团队。我为此感到永远的幸运。但我的意思是，一旦你幸运的话，就需要付出大量的努力。

\[00:24:43\] Kind of a big closing question because Instagram is not
nearly technology it\'s also an incredible community. While you\'re on
your way up how did you preserve that. How did you think about that. You
know me that something like that is happening on their own. How did that
happen. What are our values internally by the way when you get big you
start writing down your values on pieces of paper and you put them
everywhere to make sure that people understand what your values are and
one of them like our first value is.

[00：24：43]这是一个很大的闭幕式问题，因为Instagram并不完全是科技，它也是一个令人难以置信的社区。当你往上走的时候你是怎么保存的。你是怎么想的。你知道这样的事情是他们自己发生的。那是怎么发生的。我们的价值观是什么？顺便说一句，当你变大的时候，你开始把你的价值观写在纸上，然后把它们放在任何地方，以确保人们理解你的价值观，其中之一就像我们的第一个价值一样。

\[00:25:12\] Community First. And what that means is our community is
our greatest asset. Anyone in the world and by the way anyone can and
did build a filter app. You see tons of filter apps you see tons of
people making photos social networks. But the one thing that\'s really
hard to build is a community and like we started with a very small
community of designers and photographers that were close friends that we
knew that loved what we were building and we scaled it from there but we
never took our eye off the fact that the most important thing to
remember is that your users are your greatest asset the people that
spend time every single day using your service are your greatest asset.
If you alienate them if you take advantage of them. If you over Monitise
them right etcetc. You end up like losing the soul of what you build.
Because anyone can build earlybird Kalvin expert too. Like that\'s not
hard. You can read on Stack Overflow about it right but you can\'t build
a community from scratch easily and it took a lot of hard work. It took
a lot of insta meets it took a lot of in fact our first hire was not an
engineer it was a community manager. We were like we have this great
group of people that need to like understand that we\'re here to work
for them. We\'re serving them. They\'re not serving us. They\'re not
like our we are serving them like we did that from day one. And I think
it really really helped. And still to this day around our office you see
posters that just say community first. And I think it\'s been probably
one of our greatest advantages is that focus on the people that use our
service.

[00：25：12]社区第一。这意味着我们的社区是我们最大的财富。世界上的任何人，顺便说一句，任何人都可以并且确实构建了一个过滤器应用程序。你看到无数的过滤应用，你看到无数的人在制作照片，社交网络。但是真正难以构建的是一个社区，就像我们从一个非常小的设计师和摄影师社区开始，他们是我们的亲密朋友，我们知道我们喜欢我们正在建设的东西，我们从那里开始扩展它，但是我们从来没有忘记，最重要的是，你的用户是你最大的财富，也就是人。每天花时间使用你的服务是你最大的财富。如果你利用他们，就会疏远他们。如果你超过了蒙尼提斯，等等。你最终会失去你所建立的灵魂。因为任何人都可以建造早期鸟类卡尔文专家。这并不难。您可以在Stack溢出上正确地阅读它，但是您不能从零开始就轻松地构建一个社区，这需要大量的艰苦工作。它花了很多时间，它花了很多，事实上，我们的第一次雇用不是工程师，而是一个社区经理。我们就像有这么一群人，他们需要理解我们是来为他们工作的。我们在为他们服务。他们不为我们服务。他们不像我们这样服务他们，就像我们从第一天起就那样。我觉得这真的很有帮助。直到今天，在我们的办公室周围，你还能看到海报，上面写着“社区第一”。我认为这可能是我们最大的优势之一，就是关注那些使用我们服务的人。

\[00:26:47\] And you\'re still doing it still doing it. Kevin thank you
so much for taking the time. Also.


[00：26：47]你还在做，凯文也很感谢你抽出时间。

