**Reid Hoffman at Startup School SV 2014-nef6uTa2a5w.mp4**

*Reid Hoffman在2014年创业学校SV-nef6uTa2a5w.mp4*

\[00:00:02\] Thank you for coming to get started. I wanted to just ask
you about how LinkedIn got funded so let\'s see.

[00：00：02]谢谢你的到来。我只想问你LinkedIn是如何获得资金的，让我们看看。

\[00:00:13\] I\'ll give this even. I know it come back on time. The
slightly longer answer because it\'s entertaining. So in September of
2000 Peter Teil Max Levchin Loopt Nosik and I did an off site at my
grandparents house and Gualala California where were like Okay how do we
say PayPal because in August of 2009 burned 12 million dollars in one
month without any revenue with an exponentiation cost line. And that
worked out fortunately that was day one. Day two was if this blows up we
will have created a mushroom cloud of 200 million plus in venture
capital going to zero. And so you know we might as well do something
together.

[00：00：13]我会把这个给你的。我知道它会准时回来。稍长一点的答案，因为它很有趣。所以在2000年9月，彼得·泰尔·马克斯·莱文·洛普·诺西克和我在我祖父母的房子和加州的瓜拉拉做了一个场外的网站，我们怎么说贝宝呢？因为2009年8月，贝宝在一个月内就消耗了1200万美元，没有任何收入，并且有指数成倍的成本线。幸运的是，那是第一天。第二天，如果这一幕破灭，我们将创造出一个2亿多万的蘑菇云，风险投资将降至零。所以你知道我们最好一起做点什么。

\[00:00:50\] So we pitched each other our best ideas and an earlier
version of LinkedIn was one of them for me. And then they three went on
for a hike and then before we come back to work.

[00：00：50]所以我们互相推介自己最好的想法，而早期版本的LinkedIn就是其中之一。然后，他们三个继续徒步旅行，然后在我们回来工作之前。

\[00:01:03\] And then what happened is we sold PayPal to eBay in October
of 0 2 and Silicon Valley had gone crazy then which is they\'d basically
concluded that consumer unit the classic pattern for investing in the
last few decades had been you have one big tech wave and everyone runs
out to get the big companies the most tech ways and then that tech wave
goes away and there\'s a new one whether it\'s networking equipment you
know you know medical staff or enterprise software or clean tech or
anything else and anyone including consumer and it was over.

[00：01：03]发生的事情是，我们在02年10月把贝宝卖给了eBay，硅谷疯了，他们基本上得出结论，过去几十年里，传统的投资模式-消费单元-只有一次大科技浪潮，每个人都跑出去，让大公司以最先进的技术手段，然后科技浪潮消失了，有一个新的，无论是网络设备，你知道，医疗人员或企业软件或清洁技术或其他任何东西，包括消费者，这一切都结束了。

\[00:01:39\] Right. So they said I was on Google eBay you know Yahoo.
These are dead that we read on that net now anyway. And what I realized
was actually in fact the consumer and it was just starting. And in fact
the social platforms were kind of a key thing and so I said well
actually in fact the links and ideas that works so as opposed to taking
a year off I took three weeks off and then started working on Linka.

[00：01：39]对。所以他们说我在谷歌易趣你知道雅虎。不管怎么说，我们现在网上读到的这些都是死的。事实上，我意识到的是消费者，这才刚刚开始。事实上，社交平台是一件很关键的事情，所以我说得很好，事实上，链接和想法是有效的，而不是放一年的假，我放了三个星期的假，然后开始研究Linka。

\[00:02:03\] What about that idea about the particular idea Lincoln had
made you sure at least highly convicted enough that it was going to work
in this world where everyone had given up on consuming it.

[00：02：03]林肯让你确信至少在这个人人都放弃消费的世界里，它会奏效。

\[00:02:14\] Well so I actually think that if you have had a m at the
back of the napkin stage you have a high conviction that\'s going to
work you\'re mostly deluding yourself. But self-delusion is a positive
attribute in many entrepreneurial circumstances.

[00：02：14]那么我实际上认为，如果你在餐巾纸舞台的后面有一个m，你有一个很高的信念，那就是你大部分是在自欺欺人。但是，在许多创业环境中，自我妄想是一个积极的因素。

\[00:02:31\] And so for me it was I tend to think in terms of economic
ecosystems like how the world should be out frequently a mistake and
plans as well. If all you know hundreds millions people using it as this
product would be awesome. The real question is how you get the first
million Muza because if you don\'t get the first million then the
hundreds of millions that it never happens. Now being said is like OK.
Everyone should have a public professional identity. That should all be
open and transparent. That should be a platform by which you navigate
how you work and your work life that should exist. And there are a bunch
of cultural things against it. There\'s a bunch of people just kind of.
When you explain that idea even today they scratch their head and go oh
I didn\'t really think about it that way. Right. And so what gave me
conviction was because there was a lot less noise back then that one
could start a idea like this where most people even today don\'t really
fully understand how to use the tool. Then you can slowly build and ramp
to that which is much harder in an environment where it\'s noisy and
tons of things are happening.

[00：02：31]所以对我来说，我倾向于从经济生态系统的角度来思考，比如世界应该如何经常外出-这是一个错误，也是一个计划。如果你知道数亿人把它当作这个产品使用，那就太棒了。真正的问题是你如何得到第一个百万的穆萨，因为如果你没有得到第一个百万，那么数亿它永远不会发生。现在被说成是好的。每个人都应该有一个公开的职业身份。这一切都应该是公开和透明的。这应该是一个平台，你可以通过这个平台来导航你的工作方式和你应该存在的工作生活。还有很多文化因素反对它。有一群人只是有点。当你解释这个想法的时候，即使是今天，他们也会挠头而去，哦，我不是这么想的。右（边），正确的因此，让我确信的是，当时的噪音要小得多，当时人们可以开始这样的想法，即使是在今天，大多数人也不完全理解如何使用这个工具。然后，你可以慢慢地建造和坡道，在一个嘈杂和大量事情正在发生的环境中，这要困难得多。

\[00:03:37\] How did you get the first million or even the first
thousand users Rillington.

[00：03：37]你是如何得到第一个百万，甚至是第一个1000个用户的里灵顿？

\[00:03:41\] So first thousand was easy. We just sent out like 13 people
who are working at the company at the time kind of sent out invitations.
And that ended up at a rate of 2000 per week which of course is nothing
them. In it. Probably the key thing that we innovated we were the first
people to do this. That then caused the growth curve to change was
upload your address book and see who else you knew was on LinkedIn.

[00：03：41]所以第一千是容易的。我们刚发出了13个人，他们当时在公司工作，发出邀请函。每周以2000美元的速度结束，这当然不算什么。在里面。可能是我们创新的关键，我们是第一个这样做的人。于是增长曲线发生了变化，上传你的通讯录，看看你在LinkedIn上认识的其他人。

\[00:04:11\] Because what we\'re thinking about what was the problem
that people were trying to solve when they showed up. Is this an
interesting place. Are there interesting people here as you know should
I be here. Well one of the primary questions is who else is here. And so
that was the quickest way to do that. Once they went Oh Sam\'s here and
so forth then they go OK. Let me invite some other people let me check
this out.

[00：04：11]因为当人们出现时，我们正在思考的问题是什么。这是个有趣的地方。就像你所知道的，这里有趣的人，我应该在这里。最主要的问题之一是还有谁在这里。所以这是最快的方法。一旦他们去了，哦，萨姆，等等，然后他们就可以走了。让我邀请其他人让我看看这个。

\[00:04:30\] And so that essentially changed our growth curve and
without that we probably would have we would be here we had that off
site when PayPal was burning tautly dollars a month. An explanation an
expert that was 12000 in August. Right. And you pitched LinkedIn as your
best startup idea what WiMax and Peters best ideas.

[00：04：30]因此，这基本上改变了我们的增长曲线，如果没有这些，我们可能会在这里，当贝宝(PayPal)一个月烧紧美元的时候，我们就会离开这里。一个专家在八月份12000岁的解释。右（边），正确的你还把LinkedIn说成是你最好的创业点子，就像WiMax和Peters的最佳创意。

\[00:04:49\] Laughter I\'m not allowed to say. I\'ll take the Fifth.

[00：04：49]笑声我不允许说，我要吃第五杯。

\[00:04:57\] All right.

[00：04：57]好的。

\[00:04:59\] You know we\'re talking a little bit before we started
about some of the current myths of Silicon Valley entrepreneurship and I
thought that was really interesting so maybe you could talk about some
of those.

[00：04：59]你知道，在我们开始讨论硅谷创业的一些目前的神话之前，我们正在谈论一些，我认为这真的很有趣，所以也许你可以谈谈其中的一些。

\[00:05:07\] So there\'s a bunch of means going around in the valley in
the last three to five years that I think were actually harmful. So how
you think about these things. So for example one of them is let\'s start
with that actually a open capital market is a good thing for
entrepreneurs.

[00：05：07]在过去的三到五年里，我认为山谷里有一堆我认为是有害的东西。所以你是如何看待这些事情的。例如，其中之一就是，首先，开放的资本市场对企业家来说是一件好事。

\[00:05:30\] And by the way it\'s not and it\'s a terrible thing. But as
entrepreneurs. Basically if the problem of an open capital market is
they always think about in terms just my startup like me. So there\'s
more capital that\'ll make my job easier. The problem is is if you now
have is a function of open capital market 5 x the number of companies
competing with you. Not just for your actual products but for talent for
relevancy for breaking signal through the noise and all the rest of it.
Actually in fact if you do a historical analysis over the last 50 years
and you say when are the majority of the of the game changing companies
founded there actually in downturns because they have enough time to
have a ramp to agree to a whole bunch of stellar talent around the time
starting and so forth. And so actually open capital markets are actually
not the ideal time to be starting company unless you have an idea that
you or your you know you simply couldn\'t get finance otherwise. And you
know look you start the company when you want to start the company.

[00：05：30]顺便说一句，这不是一件可怕的事。但作为企业家。基本上，如果一个开放的资本市场的问题是，他们总是用术语来思考，就像我一样，我的创业公司。所以有更多的资本可以让我的工作更轻松。问题是，如果你现在有一个函数开放的资本市场，5倍的公司与你竞争。不仅是为了你的实际产品，也是为了你的相关人才，因为它可以通过噪音和其他所有的声音来打破信号。事实上，如果你对过去50年的历史进行分析，你会说，什么时候大多数的游戏都在改变，而这些公司实际上是在衰退中成立的，因为他们有足够的时间在开始的时候同意一大群优秀的人才，以此类推。因此，事实上，开放的资本市场并不是创办公司的理想时机，除非你有一个你或你自己知道的想法，否则你就无法获得资金。你知道，当你想创业的时候，你就创办公司。

\[00:06:31\] Another myth would be that before we leave that one what
should founders do if they\'re starting a company in times like these to
best counteract that.

[00：06：31]另一个神话是，在我们离开这个公司之前，如果创始人在这样的时候创办了一家公司，他们应该怎么做才能最好地抵消这一点。

\[00:06:40\] So there\'s two or three strategies. So one of them is you
really have to think about how do you break through the noise. Right. So
the number of companies that really matter every year is probably
between zero and 5 right in terms of like the industry change. So if you
look at an audience like this which is what 14 other people. Seventeen
hundred people. You say it\'s an average of two founders per. Companies
presume everyone\'s doing it. You get 850 in the room. Right. And so
then that\'s only the people who here let alone everything else. And so
the question is is how do you break through the noise is a really really
key thing whether it\'s financing talent aggregation go to marketetc. so
that then becomes a central problem. So one of them is is to say well do
something very contrary. Do something that is kind of like not like
where people say well you know it\'s it\'s it\'s Air B and B but for
dogs right.

[00：06：40]所以有两三种策略。其中之一就是你必须考虑如何突破噪音。右（边），正确的因此，每年真正重要的公司数量可能在0到5之间，就像行业的变化一样。所以，如果你看看这样的观众，这是其他14个人的作品。一千七百人。你说平均每人有两位创始人。公司认为每个人都在这么做。房间里有850块。右（边），正确的所以，那就只有在这里的人，更不用说其他的人了。因此，问题是，你如何突破噪音是一个真正关键的事情，它的融资，人才聚集，走向市场。因此，这就成了一个核心问题。其中之一就是说得好，做一些完全相反的事情。做一些不像人们说的那样的事情，你知道它是空气B和B，但对狗来说是对的。

\[00:07:34\] You know that kind of thing is not the kind of thing to do
generally right.

[00：07：34]你知道这类事情一般都是不对的。

\[00:07:39\] As a very rare that does ever become the big company.

[00：07：39]成为大公司的一件非常罕见的事。

\[00:07:41\] Yes extremely rare. The second thing would be is to look
quare really look where there\'s one of the reasons why both you and I
are fans of Peter\'s question of you know what do you believe that other
people don\'t. But look where other people really aren\'t right whether
it\'s you know hard science or if it was two and a half years ago
Bitcoin you knowetc. You know those sorts of things were actually
something could be really bigger because by the way if you end up being
right you end up having access to the town. That\'s really that\'s
really focused on that you have a ramp to actually get a whole bunch of
stuff and get a big headstart from other possible competitive efforts
and these sorts of things.

[00：07：41]是的，非常罕见。第二件事是，看看你和我都是彼得的粉丝的原因之一，你知道你相信别人不相信什么。但是，看看其他人真的不对的地方，不管是你知道硬科学，还是两年半前的比特币，你都知道。你知道，这些事情实际上可能会更大，因为顺便说一句，如果你是对的，你最终会有机会进入这个小镇。这就是你真正关注的问题，你需要从其他可能的竞争努力和诸如此类的努力中获得一个很大的优势。

\[00:08:23\] And then I think the last is to really focus on the not
while like my earlier comment about self-delusion is one of the
paradoxes entrepreneurship as you do these kind of two things that are
in contradiction in balance.

[00：08：23]然后我认为最后一件事是真正专注于“不”，就像我早些时候对自我妄想的评论一样，创业精神是一种悖论，因为你做了这两件矛盾的事情，在平衡中是矛盾的。

\[00:08:40\] So

[00：08：40]

\[00:08:40\] one of them is you actually want to have some self-delusion
like yes I\'m sure I can make it work. On the other hand you want to be
asking yourself everyday. Every week is my confidence is going up or
down and if it\'s not going up what do I need to do and learn and pivot
in order to get in order to have it and doesn\'t have to be that goes up
every week. Pape how linked in. We\'ve had weeks every valuable startup
has a has. Weeks and months of Valley of the shadow which is why did I
ever think this was a good idea. And so that happened. So the conference
can go down that\'s fine but you get the part of the reason you\'re
asking the question is in order to know what problem do I need to tackle
aggressively to think that I\'m on the right path.

[00：08：40]其中之一是，你真的想有一些自我妄想，比如是的，我确信我能让它发挥作用。另一方面，你想每天问自己。每周我的信心都在上升或下降，如果没有上升，我需要做些什么，学习和支点才能得到它，而不是每周都在上升。爸爸是怎么联系在一起的。我们每一家有价值的初创公司都有好几周的时间。几周几个月的阴影谷，这就是为什么我曾经认为这是一个好主意。就这样发生了。所以会议可以进行下去，但你知道你提出这个问题的部分原因是为了知道我需要积极地解决哪些问题，才能认为我走在正确的道路上。

\[00:09:23\] All right so back to the myths.

[00：09：23]好吧，回到神话。

\[00:09:24\] OK. So like another one frequently tends to be so
entrepreneurs tend to treat financing rounds as a combination of. Well
the highest possible valuation is the most expression of I\'m succeeding
and or I\'m loved and valued and the absolute most amount of capital.
Because you know why isn\'t two dollars better than one dollar kind of
thing. Both of those are subtle mistakes. It\'s not to say that
valuation doesn\'t matter. Not to say that the amount of dollars
doesn\'t matter. But let\'s take the dollars 1 for some dollars one the
kind of question is frequently what you really want to do is you want to
raise more money than you think you need in order to get to a milestone
where that milestone makes a very big difference in the company. I have
yet to see the company that it\'s actually like literally anywhere in
all of my experience where if you weighs way too much capital you
actually get ineffective in the way you operate it. It changes a certain
level of sharpness and the way you think and so you don\'t want to go
like if you said well I need 10 Rayson 15 or 20 is fine don\'t raise 50.

[00：09：24]好的。因此，就像另一种情况一样，企业家往往会把融资轮看作是一种组合。那么，最高可能的估值是I‘m成功和或我被爱和价值的最充分的表达，也是绝对的、最多的资本。因为你知道为什么两美元比一美元好。这两个都是微妙的错误。这并不是说估值不重要。并不是说美元的数量不重要。但让我们以美元1美元为例-通常情况下，你真正想要做的是，你想筹集比你认为需要的更多的资金，以达到一个里程碑，在这个里程碑上，这个里程碑对公司产生了很大的影响。我还没有看到这家公司，在我所有的经验中，它实际上就像任何一个地方，如果你的资本太重，你的运营方式实际上就会变得无效。它改变了一定程度的敏锐和你的思维方式，所以你不想去，如果你说，我需要10，雷森，15或20是好的，不要提高50。

\[00:10:32\] The track record of these companies they raise these like
30 million dollar rounds is their first casualty. Awful.

[00：10：32]这些公司的业绩记录-他们筹集了大约3000万美元-是他们的第一个牺牲品。糟透了。

\[00:10:37\] Yeah it\'s completely. Every single one trainwreck. Right.
And so it\'s kind of like yes I need this amount of money and I\'ll do
it I\'ll give myself some cushion but that\'s it. And then I really
focus and the whole team is UNILORIN not because one of the problems it
happens is not just you as a founder it\'s your whole team going oh you
got an extra 20 or 30 in the bank so it\'s ok. This month the metrics
and our confidence didn\'t go up so we got a lot of time to figure this
out. We don\'t right because the money isn\'t what actually gives you
the time it\'s the market.

[00：10：37]是的，完全是这样的。每一辆火车失事。右（边），正确的所以这有点像，我需要这么多钱，我会给自己一些缓冲，但仅此而已。然后我真的很专注，整个团队都是UNILORIN，不是因为问题之一不仅仅是你作为一个创始人，而是你整个团队都在前进，哦，你在银行里多出了20或30美元，所以没关系。这个月的指标和我们的信心没有上升，所以我们有很多时间来解决这个问题。我们不正确，因为钱不是真正给你时间的东西，而是市场。

\[00:11:06\] There\'s the question of time how much did Lincoln raise in
its first round.

[00：11：06]林肯在第一轮中筹集了多少钱，这是一个时间问题。

\[00:11:09\] We raised four point seven million or so.

[00：11：09]我们筹集了大约470万英镑。

\[00:11:13\] And was there a particular milestone you were trying to hit
with that.

[00：11：13]你想用它来达到一个特殊的里程碑吗？

\[00:11:16\] Yes. That particular milestone that we were ironic because
part of what you do in a financing strategy is when you\'re raising
money.

[00：11：16]是的。我们之所以具有讽刺意味，是因为你在融资策略中所做的部分是在你筹集资金的时候。

\[00:11:21\] And I you know you published a series B decoupling in some
of us if you have not seen this read published his series bedeck for
LinkedIn and we make all we see founders raising be around look at it
you should definitely check it out.

[00：11：21]你知道你在我们中有些人出版了B系列脱钩-如果你没看过这本书，出版了他为LinkedIn做的系列文章，我们让我们看到的所有创始人都在身边，看看吧-你应该去看看。

\[00:11:32\] So part of what you when you\'re doing this round of
finance and you need to be thinking about the next round of financing.
And part of that is what condition what range of outcomes can I get to
then make that next round of financing work. And for us it was when we
raised our series A It was during a time Friendster and so everyone was
like okay you\'re kind of like Friendster but for business and we don\'t
really get what you are.

[00：11：32]所以当你做这一轮融资的时候，你需要考虑下一轮的融资。部分原因在于，我可以获得什么样的结果，然后让下一轮融资发挥作用。对我们来说，那是当我们提出我们的A系列的时候，它是在一个时间友谊，所以每个人都是好的，你有点像Friendster，但在商业上，我们没有真正得到你是什么。

\[00:11:54\] Well we wanted to be as our top goal which we got to was we
wanted to clearly establish a separate category of professional network
from Friendster that we were the market leader in.

[00：11：54]我们想成为我们的首要目标，我们必须明确地建立一个与Friendster不同的专业网络类别，我们是市场的领先者。

\[00:12:06\] We actually knew that even though our classic thing is well
you revenue. We said no we\'re going to punt on revenue we\'ll do
revenue post series B. Right. They said well you should have really
really clear use cases is that we should have some inroads. But but we
don\'t have to have them all we only have to have some of them in terms
our. And so we get really focused on this is what we\'re gonna do
because if we can solve that problem no other problem worked. So which
problem really matters. That then raises the confidence from us and from
the investors and then we can do a good series B.

[00：12：06]事实上，我们知道，即使我们的经典之处是“好你”的收入。我们说了，不，我们要押注收入，我们要做B系列的收入。他们说，好吧，你应该有真正清楚的用例，那就是我们应该有一些进展。但是我们不需要拥有所有的东西，我们只需要用我们的术语来拥有其中的一些。所以我们要把注意力集中在这个问题上，因为如果我们能解决这个问题，其他的问题就没有用了。所以哪个问题才是最重要的。这就提高了我们和投资者的信心，然后我们就可以做一个很好的B系列了。

\[00:12:37\] Any other myths you want to talk about before we move on to
the next topic.

[00：12：37]在我们进入下一个话题之前，你想要谈论的任何其他神话。

\[00:12:43\] Let\'s say there\'s a stack. And here\'s one that I think
is actually pretty good irrelevant since what I\'m normally asked to
invest in. I say networks are marketplaces because those are the kinds
of things that I know very well.

[00：12：43]让我们说这里有一堆，我认为这一堆实际上是很好的不相关的，因为我通常被要求投资的东西。我说网络是市场，因为这些都是我非常熟悉的东西。

\[00:12:53\] And I think there\'s still a ton of opportunity in them.

[00：12：53]我认为他们还有很多机会。

\[00:12:56\] However one of the things that people frequently think is
network equals network effect. Right. They say it is a network and I can
describe it as a network. It has a network effect. That\'s actually not
true right now in terms of a tautology and equations statement. And the
reason is is precisely what makes something of the network effect is the
more nodes that you have in the system. In this case usually people that
it raises the value of the system in a super linear value proposition
that then makes leaving more and more you know like oh this is the place
I do this this is really what it\'s valuable to do that marketplaces ah
ah ah I think the clearest example of this because essentially is like
well I\'m offering this kind of good for sale or for rent or anything
else and and all the buyers who are looking for the broad distribution
what\'s possible are coming here. Will you go to where the distribution
of buyers are the buyers go to where the sellers are the seller go with
the buyers. And so it becomes very difficult to trade off in that I
think payment networks can have. I think you know social networks don\'t
have that.

[00：12：56]然而，人们经常认为网络等于网络效应。右（边），正确的他们说这是一个网络，我可以把它描述为一个网络。它有网络效应。从重言式和等式的陈述来看，这是不正确的。究其原因，正是网络效应产生的原因在于系统中的节点越多。在这种情况下，人们通常认为它在一个超线性的价值命题中提高了系统的价值，这使得离开越来越多，你知道，哦，这就是我做的地方，做这个市场是很有价值的，啊，我认为这是最明显的例子，因为本质上来说，我提供的是这样的好东西供出售。或者租房或其他任何东西，所有寻找广泛分布的买家都会来到这里。你会去哪里，哪里的买家才是买家，哪里是卖方，哪里是买家。因此它变得非常困难，因为我认为支付网络可以做到这一点。我想你知道社交网络是没有的。

\[00:14:04\] I think there\'s all but but just because you say I have a
network doesn\'t mean you have a network at I want to talk a little bit
about you as an investor and sort of what you mentioned a few things
throughout this but you know a founder says I want Reid Hoffman to
invest in my startup. What do you need to get convinced of.

[00：14：04]我认为这一切，但仅仅因为你说我有一个网络，并不意味着你有一个网络，我想谈谈你作为一个投资者，以及你在整个过程中提到的一些事情，但你知道，一位创始人说我希望里德·霍夫曼(Reid Hoffman)投资于我的创业公司。你需要相信什么？

\[00:14:25\] So let\'s see. It\'s always a little bit idiosyncratic. So
for example I\'m always more interested in that great idea that I
haven\'t thought of. So we might say networks in marketplaces those are
things I\'m interested in but it\'s it\'s really a fact a great
entrepreneur with a really fascinating idea. Frequently it\'s cannot get
to the scale of millions to hundreds of millions of people. Does it
actually in fact when it defines that desire to find a new aspect of
human human ecosystem that changes individuals lives and the groups
lives in a positive vector. And is it the way the world should be. Then
you get to okay. Does the initial plan for how to possibly get a strong
shot on that goal work and are the is the team and the founders the
people that you know have a good shot at that. That\'s roughly what the
shape of it looks like. And it\'s the more that it has the like for
example when I started LinkedIn and I went to Almight because you should
go to all your smart friends and ask them when I went all my smart
friends and ask them. They basically two thirds of them said I was an
idiot. Starting him it was like a crazy idea. That\'s um that\'s a good
signal right. And the reason it\'s a good signal is because of 100
percent of people think it\'s good that\'s almost always problems that
you\'re not seeing and that among other people think it\'s good too that
the competition pile around it is here. So I like the fact that you say
Why would smart people think this is not a good idea. But actually in
fact there\'s something that makes it a good idea even despite that what
was that then what did most people think.

[00：14：25]让我们看看。总是有点特别。所以，例如，我总是对那个我没有想到的好主意更感兴趣。因此，我们可能会说，市场上的网络是我感兴趣的东西，但这确实是一个事实，一个伟大的企业家，有一个非常迷人的想法。通常情况下，它无法达到数百万到数亿人的规模。事实上，当它定义了寻找人类生态系统的一个新方面的愿望时，它是否改变了个人的生活，而这些群体生活在一个积极的载体中。世界应该是这样的吗？那你就没事了。最初的计划是如何在这个目标上获得一个强有力的机会，是团队和创建者，你知道的人在这方面有很好的机会。这大概就是它的形状。而且它有更多的相似之处，例如，当我创建LinkedIn的时候，我去了阿尔瓦，因为你应该去找你所有的聪明朋友，问他们我什么时候去了我所有的聪明朋友，问他们。他们中三分之二的人说我是个白痴。对他来说这是个疯狂的想法。那是个很好的信号对吧。它之所以是一个好信号，是因为百分之百的人认为它是好的，它几乎总是你看不到的问题，而且在其他人当中，竞争也是很好的。所以我喜欢你说为什么聪明人会认为这不是个好主意。但事实上，有一些东西使它成为一个好主意，尽管如此，那是什么，那时大多数人是怎么想的。

\[00:15:58\] Why did most people think it was a dumb idea.

[00：15：58]为什么大多数人认为这是个愚蠢的主意。

\[00:16:00\] Most who I thought was a dumb idea because all of the
problems digitally linked in are critically you have to get to a
critical mass. And so the question is you have an imitation product
where you have no value proposition 8 critical mass. So you join
Alington no value. Until then you invite me. We had already no value
either. Right. So how do you get to the first million people is the key
thing.

[00：16：00]我认为大多数人都是个愚蠢的主意，因为所有与数字有关的问题都是关键的，你必须达到一个临界的质量。所以问题是，你有一个仿制产品，你没有价值命题，8临界质量。所以你加入了阿灵顿没有价值。在那之前你邀请我。我们也已经没有价值了。右（边），正确的所以，如何才能接触到第一个百万人是关键。

\[00:16:20\] Got it for specific to specific examples I want to talk
about for investing Facebook first. Could you talk about how your
investment Facebook happened.

[00：16：20]我想先谈谈Facebook投资的具体例子。你能谈谈你的投资Facebook是怎么发生的吗？

\[00:16:29\] Yes so I tracked Facebook when it was in Boston. That\'s a
super interesting project but because I was very busy with windows I
well you know it\'s in Boston. We\'ll see how it plays out.

[00：16：29]是的，当Facebook在波士顿的时候，我跟踪了它。这是一个非常有趣的项目，但因为我很忙，你知道它在波士顿，我们会看到它的结果。

\[00:16:41\] And then Sean Parker called me and said it\'s really
interesting investment opportunity at Facebook Gabz in Boston. I don\'t
know how to help them. Now over here they\'ve rented a house you know
and I was like Oh that\'s great. And at the time yeah it was maybe a
little bit more enthusiastic than that.

[00：16：41]然后肖恩·帕克打电话给我，说这在波士顿的Facebook Gabz是个非常有趣的投资机会。我不知道该如何帮助他们。现在他们租了一套房子，你知道的，我当时感觉很棒。当时是的，可能比这更热情一些。

\[00:17:02\] But at the time I had been a little beleaguered because
I\'d gotten a lot of pushback from the investment and friends group
saying well you try to have your cake and eat it too because you\'re
doing too even though I view social professional networks to be very
different. And one of the things about integrity is not only important
that you have integrity but also that you that you seem to have
integrity like the substance that the appearance matters as well as the
substance. And so I go look I don\'t want to lead this investment as
great as it is and all the rest of them. I think Peter should lead the
investment and I will actually in fact you know follow in.

[00：17：02]但是在那个时候，我受到了一些困扰，因为我受到了投资和朋友团体的强烈抵制，他们说，好吧，你试着吃蛋糕，因为你做得太过了，尽管我认为社会职业网络是很不一样的。正直的其中一件事不仅重要的是你有正直，而且你似乎有正直，就像外表和物质一样重要的物质。所以我去看看，我不想领导这项投资，因为它是伟大的，所有的其他人。我认为彼得应该领导这项投资，事实上我会的，你知道的。

\[00:17:39\] And so it\'s a very expensive example of integrity.

[00：17：39]所以这是一个非常昂贵的正直的例子。

\[00:17:42\] I think it\'s probably one of the most expensive examples
of integrity I know. But since you know Peter\'s a close friend it\'s
all good.

[00：17：42]我认为这可能是我所知道的最昂贵的正直的例子之一。但既然你知道彼得是个亲密的朋友，那就很好了。

\[00:17:50\] And so Parker Zork Peter about core and I met because Matt
was working for me at the time going down and. And we\'re like this is
you know there\'s a lot there\'s a lot that can go wrong with his was
very early was still in some number colleges like 10 or 12 or some small
number of colleges.

[00：17：50]帕克·佐克·彼得和我见面是因为马特当时在为我工作。我们是这样的，你知道，有很多事情可能会出错，他很早就在一些数字学院，比如10或12所大学，或者是少数几所大学。

\[00:18:13\] But one of the pieces of conviction that I had which is the
reason why New that Facebook was awesome even before that specific
meeting was that I knew that social network as a platform was intrinsic.
Now isn\'t that I had an idea for how it came about and the internal
part there was a bunch of things I learned from how they\'re thinking
about that. But the notion that your identity and your network is a
platform for the apps that transform your life that was something that I
already had. And so once like Facebook started saying look we were
already on track for that. That was pretty.

[00：18：13]但是我的信念之一-这也是为什么在那次会议之前Facebook就很棒的原因-是因为我知道社交网络作为一个平台是固有的。现在不是我对它是如何发生的有了一个想法，我从他们对此的思考中学到了很多东西。但是你的身份和你的网络是改变你生活的应用程序的平台，这是我已经拥有的。所以，就像Facebook开始说，看，我们已经走上了这条路。这太好了。

\[00:18:44\] It was probably one of the most straightforward investment
decisions we had been thinking about this since you started a company
called The Social Network in 1997 right. Yes social social net. Yeah
okay. How did did that experience that why you knew so much like that in
you prepared for us.

[00：18：44]自从你在1997年创办了一家名为“社交网络”的公司以来，这可能是我们一直在考虑的最直接的投资决策之一。是的社交网络。好吧。为什么你对我们的了解如此之深，这是如何为我们做好准备的呢？

\[00:19:02\] And when I started when I started social net because part
of a macro level what I think of myself as doing is helping found build
invest in design human ecosystems using principally software technology
Internet technologies and medium and so social that had a bunch of
errors. One of them was not understanding that your distribution has to
be organic right. So organic morality is a natural organic ASIOs organic
was a set of these techniques that are natural organic techniques and
was six degrees that actually saw six degrees hotter. Oh my god that
brilliant. Like that\'s what we should be doing. And so I\'d had the
idea of everyone establishing an identity and then having this this
electronic space transforming their lives. But I didn\'t have the
concept of a network. I didn\'t have the concept of real identity. I
didn\'t have a concept of all of these things being a Malkmus when I
started social media was still cyber space right.

[00：19：02]当我开始社交网络的时候，在宏观层面上，我认为自己所做的就是帮助建立投资于人类生态系统的设计，主要是软件技术、互联网技术和媒体等，这些都有很多错误。其中之一就是不明白你的分配必须是有机的。因此，有机道德是一种自然有机的ASIO，有机是这些技术的集合，这些技术是自然的有机技术，是六度，而实际上是六度。哦，天哪，真是太棒了。就像我们应该做的那样。所以我有一个想法，每个人都建立身份，然后让这个电子空间改变他们的生活。但我没有网络的概念。我没有真实身份的概念。当我开始使用社交媒体时，我没有所有这些东西都是马尔克摩斯的概念。

\[00:19:59\] You go through cyber space right. And now it\'s like know
this is actually the way we live. This is this is this is part of our
life. And that was that.

[00：19：59]你穿过网络空间是对的。现在我们知道这就是我们的生活方式，这是我们生活的一部分，就是这样。

\[00:20:07\] Those are the things that are how social and had already
had me thinking about this category but also to recognize which things
would work.

[00：20：07]这些都是社交的方式，已经让我思考了这个范畴，但也认识到哪些东西会起作用。

\[00:20:16\] When I got to the second phase I saw them from you many
many years ago where you had said that the most important thing Facebook
had done that was new and innovative was really identity separately from
everything that had done before. Do you still believe that.

[00：20：16]当我进入第二阶段时，我在很多年前从你那里看到了他们，你说Facebook做的最重要的事情是新的和创新的，那就是真正的身份，和以前做过的所有事情都不一样。你还相信吗。

\[00:20:29\] I think real identity was one of the really we had been
doing real identity too and and Bransford been doing a version real
identity is definitely part of it. The other part of it is that they had
gotten the accidents of it started and were also super useful was that
it got to a high trust and real identity by strolling in colleges like I
don\'t think Facebook could have established where I got to it hadn\'t
started in colleges. Everyone\'s like resemble an early days on Facebook
which of course doesn\'t happen anymore for obvious reasons people would
post their cell phone numbers to their profiles. Because like this is a
trusted community like you know no one\'s going to get me nothing weird
by my posting my cell phone to my profile and so they would do that. Now
that doesn\'t happen as much anymore probably right.

[00：20：29]我认为真实身份也是我们一直在做的真实身份之一，而Bransford一直在做一个版本，真实身份肯定是其中的一部分。另一个原因是他们发现了它的意外，而且也非常有用，因为它通过漫步在大学里获得了高度的信任和真实的身份，就像我认为Facebook不可能确定我在大学里没有开始的地方)。每个人都像Facebook上的早期一样，当然，由于明显的原因，人们会把自己的手机号码张贴到个人资料中，这种情况不会再发生了。因为就像你所知道的那样，这是一个值得信赖的社区，没有人会把我的手机贴到我的个人资料上，不会让我觉得奇怪，所以他们会这么做。现在这种情况不再发生了，也许是对的。

\[00:21:08\] Right. And then the other example front investment you made
is can you talk about how you ended up investing in Zinga.

[00：21：08]对。另外一个例子是你所做的正面投资，你能谈谈你是如何在Zinga投资的吗？

\[00:21:14\] Yeah. So Facebook launched the FIA platform and their
description was where social utility. It\'s a social graph and there\'s
a whole stack of applications built on top of it. The question is which
of the applications going to be most most applicable. And also which are
the applications that are going to be that are essentially going to
like. There\'s always a tension between apps and platform in terms of
the primacy to the user which which apps are going to be the most
important ones on the platform now. Photo sharing was clearly one of
them but Facebook isn\'t safe. We all know that we\'re talking allow
anything else in that. And so what are the other ones. Now the primary
one that I thought Facebook was this is an unimportant app is not we
care about we care about utility and productivity and much other things
was games and the intersection of having Pincus who is massively
creative. Right. And it\'s kind of like an idea a minute kind of like
what is this what about this what about this. One of the best. Which is
awesome. This is kind of this space in games. And the fact that Facebook
was like yeah games without games is irrelevant. We don\'t care about
games gave you an opportunity to build a really serious company on top.
And so it was this is the kind of thing you know people it\'s a social
network people care about the social experience how you share
entertainment share connection Incat lightweight entertaining ways is
one of the things that matters the users.

[00：21：14]是的。因此，Facebook推出了国际汽联(FIA)平台，他们的描述正是社会效用所在。这是一张社交图，上面有一堆应用程序。问题是哪一项申请最适用。还有，哪些应用程序将成为本质上会喜欢的应用程序。在用户的首要地位上，应用程序和平台之间总是存在紧张关系，而这些应用程序将是目前平台上最重要的应用程序。照片分享显然是其中之一，但Facebook并不安全。我们都知道我们说的是允许任何其他东西。其他的是什么。我认为Facebook最主要的一点是，这是一个不重要的应用程序，我们不关心效用和生产力，还有很多其他的东西是游戏和让Pincus拥有巨大创造力的交叉点。右（边），正确的这有点像一个想法，一分钟，这是怎么回事？最棒的人之一。太棒了。这是游戏中的空间。而Facebook就像没有游戏的游戏是不相关的。我们不关心游戏给了你一个机会在上面建立一个非常严肃的公司。所以，这就是你认识的人，它是一个社会网络，人们关心社会经验，如何分享娱乐，分享，Incat轻量级娱乐方式，是关系到用户的事情之一。

\[00:22:37\] Pincus and his crew understand morality well within the
Facebook platform and games is actually one of things that if you
innovate and business model while you can actually make really
interesting cash and so all of that put it together to making a very
straightforward question Why do you think Facebook has such a blind spot
in games.

[00：22：37]平卡斯和他的团队很好地理解了Facebook平台上的道德，而游戏实际上是一种东西，如果你能创新和商业模式，而你实际上可以赚到真正有趣的现金，那么所有这些都是为了提出一个非常直截了当的问题，为什么你认为Facebook在游戏中有这么一个盲点。

\[00:22:54\] Oh I think it\'s you know hopefully doesn\'t mind things on
camera but I think Zuckerberg is not himself a game player. Like I like
what he\'s really trying to do is figure out how to make the world more
open and transparent and to actually have efficiency of information and
connection and communication flows. And so he thinks a lot about those
sorts of things. And so games are like that\'s not the kind of thing he
does. And so he\'s like Man that doesn\'t that like not it\'s bad it
just doesn\'t matter right. I think that was the primary one that now
obviously they\'ve seen a lot of the utility of how to build games or
the thing the right way so that\'s now got married in the corpus if you
were going to start a new company today.

[00：22：54]哦，我想你知道的，我希望他不介意镜头里的东西，但我认为扎克伯格自己并不是一个游戏玩家。就像我喜欢的那样，他真正想要做的就是弄清楚如何让这个世界变得更加开放和透明，并使信息、连接和交流的效率更高。所以他想了很多这类事情。所以游戏是这样的\不是他做的那种事。所以他就像人，不喜欢，不好，只是不重要。我认为这是最主要的，很明显，他们已经看到了如何构建游戏或正确的方式的许多功用，如果你今天要成立一家新公司，那么现在已经在语料库中结婚了。

\[00:23:31\] Any thoughts on what you would start.

[00：23：31]任何关于你将要开始的事情的想法。

\[00:23:34\] Well since I\'m pretty focused on LinkedIn and pretty
focused on the the investments I made it Graylock I don\'t spend a lot
of time computing that particular question.

[00：23：34]既然我非常专注于LinkedIn，也非常专注于我所做的投资，Graylock，我不会花太多时间计算这个特定的问题。

\[00:23:47\] I do think that people still probably underrate where the
ubiquity of everyone having a phone means in terms of networks in
marketplaces. Now that being said probably two years ago I might have
done something in bitcoin but it\'s too late and I don\'t think it\'s
too late. But it\'s not a secret anymore. Right. Amongst the intelligent
folks is a whole bunch of stuff going on. So you have to have a very
angled shot so if you\'re showing up saying I\'ve got another wallet or
I\'ve got another merchant processor I\'ve got another one of those. The
likelihood that that\'s going to play out well is low.

[00：23：47]我确实认为，人们可能仍然低估了市场中每个人拥有电话的普遍存在意味着网络的普遍存在。这么说大概是在两年前，我可能用比特币做了点什么，但为时已晚，我不认为为时已晚。但这不再是秘密了。右（边），正确的在那些聪明的人当中，有一大堆事情在发生。所以你必须有一个非常角度的拍摄，所以，如果你出现说我有另一个钱包或我有另一个商人处理器，我有另一个这样的。结果很好的可能性很小。

\[00:24:21\] Do you have high conviction that bitcoin will be big.

[00：24：21]你相信比特币会很大吗？

\[00:24:24\] I have high convention conviction that a big coin isn\'t
zero. It will be big but Bitcoin is not zero it\'s not zero.

[00：24：24]我有很高的传统信念：一个大硬币不是零，它会很大，但比特币不是零，它不是零。

\[00:24:30\] We\'ve got it. So I think it\'s a very high data outcome.
Now I think the most interesting question of all the questions that
people ask about bitcoin is is is it the first or last crypto currency
and what this means is not of course because of course there\'s you know
what is now referred to. I\'m always entertained by how doggy coin
becomes dogecoin. You know these kinds of things you know. There\'s a
whole stack of these things and it\'s very possible because of you know
new better ideas or different ideas and rails. Now overall I think one
of things that\'s going on with big companies I think big coin is
largely adding more wallets per game per week than the other coins have
in Walton told in total. Right so network effects have a kind of a
runaway kind of characteristic. But the question is first or last
cryptocurrency last one super interesting because that will be
interesting crypto currencies.

[00：24：30]我们拿到了。所以我认为这是一个非常高的数据结果。现在，我认为在人们提出的关于比特币的所有问题中，最有趣的问题是比特币是第一种或最后一种密码货币，而这意味着什么当然不是，因为当然，你知道现在提到的是什么。我总是被狗币变成狗食的乐趣。你知道这些你知道的事情。有一堆这样的东西，这是很可能的，因为你知道新的更好的想法或不同的想法和铁路。总的来说，我认为大公司正在进行的事情之一，我认为大硬币在很大程度上是每周增加更多的钱包，比其他硬币在沃尔顿告诉总计。所以网络效果有一种失控的特点。但问题是第一个还是最后一个密码货币，最后一个超级有趣，因为那将是有趣的密码货币。

\[00:25:25\] First one. Right. Well then how. That\'s interesting.

[00：25：25]第一个。右（边），正确的那是怎么做的。这很有趣。

\[00:25:30\] All right. Closing question since you brought it up earlier
what is one thing that you believe that most people don\'t.

[00：25：30]好的。既然你早些时候提出了这个问题，那么你认为大多数人不相信的一件事是什么。

\[00:25:35\] So obviously Peter and I talk about this question a lot and
it\'s worth reading Peter is 0 1 book it\'s you know there\'s a bunch of
pretty good things in that. Laughter Well I\'d say that there\'s great
thinking just to respond. But there are some things where Peter and I
have differences of views on some of the things but that\'s great. I
mean that\'s part of thinking and having you know clear bold you know
sometimes contain thoughts. The key nuance on that question that I have
is against which audience right because there\'s is against the world
against theU.S. against. Now I\'m going to answer that question again
Silicon Valley because I think there\'s at least two threads that are
classically Silicon Valley threads that I have a different point of view
on. One of them is the role of government. So basically Silicon Valley
tends to go oh government is this large cruddy bureaucratic impossible
to deal with thing that you should just run around and badly. Yes yes
yes yes. Right. That\'s not saying no. I don\'t see those things. But it
is actually in fact what creates the platform environment that we
operate in. It\'s what creates the legal structure. It\'s what creates
the set of services which creates the educational environment which
creates the financing law right.

[00：25：35]很明显，彼得和我经常谈论这个问题，值得一读，彼得是一本书，你知道，这里面有很多很好的东西。笑，好吧，我会说，有伟大的想法，只是为了回应。但有一些事情，彼得和我在一些事情上有不同的看法，但那是伟大的。我的意思是，这是思考的一部分，让你知道清楚，大胆，你知道，有时包含思想。这个问题的关键之处在于，我反对的是哪些观众是对的，因为他们反对世界，反对美国。现在，我要再次回答这个问题，硅谷，因为我认为至少有两个线程是经典的硅谷线程，我有不同的观点。其中之一是政府的作用。所以，基本上，硅谷倾向于去，政府是这个庞大的，粗糙的官僚，不可能处理的事情，你应该跑来跑去，糟糕。是的，是的。右（边），正确的那不是拒绝。我看不见那些东西。但事实上，正是它创造了我们在其中运行的平台环境。正是它创造了法律结构。正是它创造了一套服务，创造了教育环境，创造了财政法律权利。

\[00:26:52\] There\'s a whole stack of services that are part of the.
It\'s like we\'re fish in an aquarium we say who needs water and you
like the water is important but it\'s important that the water is
cleaner than dirtier it\'s more like there\'s a set of things and so
actually in fact I think there\'s a set of things that we should be
thinking about how do we help positively impact government.

‘这就像我们在水族馆里钓鱼，我们说谁需要水，你喜欢水是很重要的，但重要的是水比脏水更干净，更像是有一套东西，所以事实上，我认为应该考虑的是，我们应该考虑如何帮助积极影响政府。

\[00:27:11\] You can imagine these services as a you know as a prize and
government as a platform that can hold a set of different things but we
are the fish that are in this aquarium and we need it is a collectively
all of our responsibility to make the aquarium better and it\'s not just
a Oh that\'s a nasty problem. And think about that. Second one related
is now I\'m pretty sure that it\'s difficult to teach entrepreneurship
peer out I think you can teach skills that help entrepreneurship. And
this woman\'s a lot of what I see. I think entrepreneurship clearly can
be learned. Right now I think there\'s always a doing component. Now
that being said I think you think that government can add things that
are that are positive to entrepreneurship so entrepreneurship is much
better in where networks have dense connections. It\'s another thing I
like about Weiss\'s. How do you create density of connections to
facilitate financing talent understanding markets getting advisors the
building the network around the around the entrepreneurs in the
companies governments can facilitate that. There\'s a bunch of different
things they can do. They can say okay we will help entrepreneurship is
not just a number of days to form a formulated company. It\'s not just
labor laws. It\'s not just bankruptcy laws and these kind of things. I
think a number of positive things that governments can do also that this
deal facilitate entrepreneurship and those are two contrarian from
Silicon Valley.

[00：27：11]你可以把这些服务想象成一个奖品，把政府想象成一个平台，可以容纳一系列不同的东西，但我们是这个水族馆里的鱼，我们需要它是我们共同的责任，让水族馆变得更好，这不仅仅是一个糟糕的问题。好好想想。第二个相关的问题是，我现在很确定，教创业是很困难的，我认为你可以教授有助于创业的技能。这个女人就是我看到的很多东西。我认为创业精神显然是可以学到的。现在，我认为总是有一个正在做的部分。话虽如此，我认为你认为政府可以增加一些有利于创业精神的东西，所以在网络连接紧密的地方，创业精神要好得多。这是我喜欢韦斯的另一件事。你如何创造密集的联系，以便于融资，人才，了解市场，得到顾问，建立网络周围的企业家在公司，政府可以促进这一点。他们可以做很多不同的事情。他们可以说，好吧，我们将帮助创业，而不仅仅是在几天内形成一家公司。这不仅仅是劳动法。这不仅仅是破产法之类的事情。我认为政府也可以做一些积极的事情-这一交易有利于企业家精神-这是硅谷的两件相反的事情。

\[00:28:33\] Great. Thank you so much for coming spend some time with
us. Thank you. Klaus.


[00：28：33]太好了。非常感谢你的到来，花点时间和我们在一起。谢谢。克劳斯。

