**Ron Conway at Startup School SV 2014-qvHhhIfu7Lo.mp4**

*2014年创业学校SV-qvHhhIfu7Lo.mp4*

\[00:00:02\] He\'s back for a day or an hour.

[00：00：02]他回来了一天或一小时。

\[00:00:07\] There\'s lights behind that thing. OK.

[00：00：07]那东西后面有灯。好的。

\[00:00:11\] So I interviewed Ron on this stage were on stage at Startup
School in 2012 and the videos on YouTube.

[00：00：11]所以我采访了这个舞台上的罗恩，2012年他在创业学校的舞台上，还有YouTube上的视频。

\[00:00:22\] Ron told a lot of the good stories then so I\'m not going
to ask him about that stuff.

[00：00：22]罗恩讲了很多好故事，所以我不想问他那些事。

\[00:00:28\] But Ron has an infinite supply of for anybody if there\'s
anybody out there who doesn\'t know who run Connolly is basically just
remember this sentence. Ron Conaway is the man now not in the sense of
like working for the man not that man that man. The other man. He is
like the investor. I told Weiss startups just this blanket advice if Ron
Conway wants to invest in you take his money. So that\'s all you have to
remember about Ron Conway a baby Laughter Why C is for creating
laughter. So Ron is famous for investing in founders. And so I wanted to
ask you when you say you invest in founders what that means is you
invest in people with certain traits. Can those traits be acquired. Or
is it just the case that some people have it and some people don\'t.
Because these people are interested in starting startups right. So I\'m
going to try and get the stuff out of your brain. Blow it out onto the
other. That will be helpful to them without being sloppy.

[00：00：28]但是罗恩对任何人都有无限的供给，如果有人不知道谁在运行康诺利，基本上记住这句话。现在，罗恩·柯纳维不是那种为男人工作的人，而不是那个人。另一个人。他就像投资者。我告诉Weiss初创公司，如果RonConway想投资你，就接受他的建议。这就是你所需要记住的关于罗恩·康威，一个婴儿的笑声，为什么C是用来创造笑声的。所以罗恩以投资创始人而闻名。所以我想问你，当你说你投资于创建者时，这意味着你投资于具有某些特质的人。这些特质能被获得吗。或者仅仅是一些人拥有它，而有些人却没有。因为这些人对创业很感兴趣。所以我要试着把这些东西从你脑子里拿出来。把它吹到另一边。这会对他们有帮助而不会草率。

\[00:01:49\] What I have said before entrepreneurs are born to be
entrepreneurs.

[00：01：49]我之前所说的企业家生来就是企业家。

\[00:01:57\] Then once you\'re an entrepreneur you\'re a serial
entrepreneur or you\'re probably going to start companies for the rest
of your life or if you\'re like Zucker Larry Page you know it might be
the only company you start but you are an entrepreneur for life. And I
think most entrepreneurs do correctly self select. And I think that
entrepreneurs are born have to be born with some of the basics. So which
treats have to be in Born which can be learned so that the basics I
think would be you have to have a hell of a work ethic. You talked about
it at your Stanford class. You have to be ambitious. You have to be
aggressive and you have to be tough because starting a company is the
hardest thing on earth to do. And I don\'t think people realize that
until they do it. Since I\'ve watched thousands of entrepreneurs do it I
know how hard it is. Plus I started my own company Alto\'s computer in
the 70s so I know from personal knowledge how hard it is and I started
another company of companies as well. And so you think the driven part
has to be inborn for sure. You can\'t you can\'t learn to be ambitious
and be driven. Obviously you have to be curious you have to be
intelligent. I think being a founder is like it. It\'s like a vocation
but if you have those basic skills you know where you\'ve got where
you\'re you\'re determined you\'re tough. You have a huge work ethic.
You\'re completely Reifel focused. Then there\'s other things that you
that you have to learn you have to learn to hire a management team. You
have to learn how to manage these things you\'re not born with these
things you have to want success so badly that you learn how to manage
you learn how to find a management team. You learn how to recruit people
and then spread your vision and and motivate them to be just like you
and be fanatical about your business. So

[00：01：57]那么，一旦你成为了一名企业家，你就成了一个连续的企业家，或者你可能会在你的余生中创办公司，或者如果你像祖克·拉里·佩奇一样，你知道这可能是你唯一的创业公司，但你是一辈子的企业家。我认为大多数企业家的选择是正确的。我认为，企业家的诞生必须具备一些基本要素。所以，哪些治疗必须是天生的，这是可以学到的，所以我认为最基本的是，你必须有一种极高的职业道德。你在斯坦福大学的课上谈过这件事。你得野心勃勃。你必须有进取心，而且你必须强硬，因为创办一家公司是地球上最难做的事情。我认为人们在做这件事之前不会意识到这一点。因为我看过成千上万的企业家这么做，所以我知道这有多难。另外，我在70年代创办了自己的Alto电脑公司，所以我从个人的知识中了解到这是多么困难，我还创办了另一家公司。所以你认为驱动部分必须是与生俱来的。你不能-学会野心勃勃和有动力。显然，你必须好奇，你必须聪明。我觉得做创办人就像这样。这就像一种职业，但如果你有这些基本技能，你就知道你在哪里，你已经下定决心，你是坚强的。你有很强的职业道德。你完全集中注意力了。还有其他的事情，你必须学会雇用一个管理团队。你必须学会如何管理这些事情-你不是与生俱来的-你必须如此渴望成功，以至于你学会了如何管理，学会了如何找到一个管理团队。你学会了如何招募人才，然后传播你的视野，激励他们和你一样，对你的事业保持狂热。所以

\[00:04:20\] how can they tell. How can these people you know it would
save them a lot of trouble if you can tell them now whether they\'re
gonna succeed in starting a startup how can they tell if they\'re driven
enough.

[00：04：20]他们怎么知道。这些你知道的人，如果你现在就告诉他们创业是否会成功，怎么能帮他们省下很多麻烦呢？他们怎么知道他们是否有足够的动力。

\[00:04:31\] Well well I mean are you willing to work 24/7. The really
great entrepreneurs are 24/7. The word moonlighting is not even in their
vocabulary. I mean if they\'re dating somebody or they\'re married they
warn their spouse that they\'re not first in line that this company
dream is first in line and that that you have this vocation. You know
it\'s like being a priest or a nun that that your duty is to your
company. Now it has to be that fanatical and if you look at all the
successful entrepreneurs they are that committed about it. That is a
hard commitment. But once you\'re willing to make that commitment you
know then you know that solves the work ethic check off if you have that
commitment then then your passion is probably infectious.

[00：04：31]好吧，我是说，你愿意24小时工作吗？真正伟大的企业家是全天候的。兼职这个词甚至不在他们的词汇表中。我的意思是，如果他们在约会，或者他们结婚了，他们会警告他们的配偶，他们并不是第一人，他们的公司梦想是排在第一位的，而且你有这份职业。你知道，你对公司的责任就像当牧师或修女一样。现在，它必须是如此狂热，如果你看看所有成功的企业家，他们都致力于此。这是一个艰难的承诺。但是，一旦你愿意做出你知道的承诺，你就会知道这解决了职业道德问题，如果你有这种承诺，那么你的激情可能就具有感染力。

\[00:05:31\] It probably means you can in fact find other people and
make them as excited about your idea as you do so you can use it so you
have to be a good communicator you\'ve got to be able to excite other
people or the management part you can use a trick of leading by example.
Yes right. You don\'t have to use leadership techniques you just say
I\'m going to go do this and everybody goes as it with you. Correct.

[00：05：31]这可能意味着你可以找到其他人，让他们对你的想法感到兴奋，因为你可以利用它，这样你就必须成为一个很好的沟通者，你必须能够激发其他人的积极性，或者你可以使用以身作则的技巧。是的对。你不需要使用领导技巧，你只是说我要这么做，每个人都跟你一样。对，是这样

\[00:05:53\] But but for management and recruiting you do have to
educate yourself. You have to get advice about that.

[00：05：53]但是为了管理和招聘，你必须教育自己。你得听听这方面的建议。

\[00:06:00\] Now there\'s many many books and blogs about how to do
that. So if you have the desire you can you can DIY you can do it
yourself because there is lots of resources out there for you to educate
yourself on the skills that you have to acquire that you\'re not born
with them.

现在有很多关于如何去做的书和博客。所以如果你有这种愿望，你可以自己动手，因为有很多资源可以让你自己去学习你必须掌握的技能，而这些技能不是你与生俱来的。

\[00:06:19\] They don\'t have to worry about managing people yet though
that\'s like a good problem to have.

[00：06：19]他们还不需要担心管理人员，尽管这是一个很好的问题。

\[00:06:25\] Yeah yeah. Freed\'s you\'ve gotten to a certain point you
can afford to hire people that you then have to manage. Yeah.

[00：06：25]是的。弗里德，你已经到了一定程度，你有能力雇佣你必须管理的人。是的。

\[00:06:31\] The first thing you gotta do is your idea has to be
infectious enough that you have to find a co-founder. Since most
companies start with with at least two people and they usually start
with two people who know each other yeah. And so they\'re able to feed
on each other\'s excitement and then go from there.

[00：06：31]你要做的第一件事是，你的想法必须具有足够的感染力，以至于你必须找到一个联合创始人。因为大多数公司一开始至少有两个人，所以他们通常从认识对方的两个人开始，是的。这样他们就能以彼此的兴奋为食，然后从那里出发。

\[00:06:51\] So when you\'re when you\'re deciding who to invest in.
This is not just a way to get Ron\'s money it\'s also heuristic for
figuring out what works because how many startups you invest in now
since this is my 20th year of angel investing.

[00：06：51]所以当你决定投资谁的时候，这不仅仅是获取罗恩的钱的一种方式，它也是一种启发式的方法，因为你现在投资了多少初创公司，因为这是我投资天使的第20个年头。

\[00:07:07\] So anniversary just like it\'s the 10th Startup School and
in the 20 years we\'ve invested over 750 companies but in investing in
the 750 companies each of which has a founder\'s team we have talked to
thousands of companies about potentially investing because for every
company we invest in we look at 30. So what. Well yeah 21000 company.
That\'s that\'s why I age ages up to 13 people. You realize you\'ve
looked at 21000 companies. Yes. Now I didn\'t look at them all because
SCVNGR is 13 people now. Funny enough. I don\'t I don\'t do any due
diligence anymore. I just help portfolio companies with with hard unique
problems with the SVR teams completely build out now and they do all the
diligence. Okay. I\'m not a lottery picker. How does the Espey team how
does the SBA Angel team work. Well we\'re up we\'re up to 13 people.

[00：07：07]周年纪念日就像第10次创业学校一样，在过去的20年里，我们已经投资了750多家公司，但在投资750家公司时，每个公司都有一个创始人团队，我们已经和成千上万家公司讨论了潜在投资的问题，因为我们投资的每一家公司都有30家。那又怎样。嗯，是的，21000公司。这就是为什么我年龄在13岁以下。你知道你已经看过21000家公司了。是现在我没有全部看，因为SCVNGR现在13岁了。够有趣的了。我不再做任何尽职调查了。我只是帮助投资组合公司与SVR团队一起解决困难、独特的问题，现在完全建立起来，他们会尽职尽责。好的。我不是选彩票的。Espey团队是如何运作的？SBA天使团队是如何工作的？我们最多有13个人。

\[00:08:10\] If you look at me you could call me the grandfather because
David Lee and Brian Pokornya.k.a. coach they\'re becoming the Wise Old
Men. I mean they\'ve been around me now for close to 10 years each. And
so they they have the pattern recognition.

[00：08：10]如果你看着我，你可以叫我祖父，因为大卫·李(David Lee)和布赖恩·博科尔尼(Brian Pokornya.k.k.)。教练，他们正在成为智者，我的意思是他们已经在我身边近10年了，所以他们有了模式识别。

\[00:08:31\] They\'re now solving all the problems I used to solve five
years ago so everybody\'s escalating their role. And then you have Kevin
Carter and tofor my son who are also becoming wise old men because
they\'ve been around Espey Angel for five years. But but we are Reifel
focused on generational planning. I believe this industry belongs to
young people. And so you know tofor and Kevin are getting close to 30
and we\'ve actually said when you\'re 30 you know you better make sure
you have we have four or five people at Esmie Angel in their 20s because
the people in their 20s are the good pickers. And then as you get wiser
and older you\'re more better advice givers to the founder.

[00：08：31]他们现在正在解决我五年前曾经解决过的所有问题，所以每个人的角色都在升级。还有凯文·卡特和我的儿子，他们也成为了聪明的老人，因为他们已经在EspeyAngel身边五年了。但我们专注于代际规划。我相信这个行业属于年轻人。所以你知道，托福和凯文都快到30岁了，我们说过，当你30岁的时候，你最好确保我们有四五个20多岁的埃斯米天使的人，因为他们20多岁的人都是不错的挑选者。然后，随着你变得越来越聪明和成熟，你就会给创始人更好的建议。

\[00:09:23\] Interesting interesting. So there\'s that\'s interesting
that in the adventure business picking and giving advice are different
skills that peek at different ages correct in our opinion absolutely.

[00：09：23]有趣，有趣。有趣的是，在冒险活动中，挑选和提供建议是不同的技能，在我们看来，不同的年龄是正确的。

\[00:09:35\] So I\'m an age of bigot and I keep telling our team mate
make sure we hire and bring in really smart 20 year olds cause in in 30
years I hope they\'re Roncon way and they\'re being interviewed you know
by Sam.

[00：09：35]所以我是个偏执的人，我不停地告诉我们的队友，一定要在30年内雇佣和引进真正聪明的20岁年轻人，我希望他们是朗肯的方式，他们会接受山姆的采访，你知道的。

\[00:09:53\] You need investors you can actually do the hill use instant
messaging apps that link make the photo disappear and stuff like that.

\[00：09：53]你需要投资者，你真的可以这么做，使用即时通讯应用程序链接，使照片消失等诸如此类的事情。

\[00:09:59\] Yes. Great. Yeah. Kevin Carter on our team. Twenty four at
the time he picked that company he tapped me on the shoulder.

[00：09：59]是的。太棒了嗯我们队的凯文·卡特。当他挑选那家公司的时候，他拍了拍我的肩膀。

\[00:10:10\] He goes that\'s important. Go fly toL.A. and spend time
with him.

[00：10：10]他去那很重要。去洛杉矶和他呆一段时间吧。

\[00:10:15\] Okay and that worked out. That worked out. Yeah.

[00：10：15]好的，这就解决了。结果成功了。嗯

\[00:10:20\] By the way if you want a list of the companies Ron has
invested in it it would be shorter to give a list of the ones he hasn\'t
invested in.

[00：10：20]顺便说一句，如果你想要一份罗恩投资过的公司的名单，那么给出他没有投资过的公司的名单就更短了。

\[00:10:27\] Just assume that if you\'ve heard of some big famous
startup run as an investor and you\'ll you\'ll pretty much be right. I
just assume it. So what about what should people do. I was just talking
about this what people should do in college if they wanted to start a
startup later. What do you think people should do before starting a
startup. Do you have opinions about that.

[00：10：27]只要假设你听说过一家著名的大型初创公司，作为一名投资者，你会非常正确。我只是假设。那么人们应该做什么呢。我只是在说，如果人们想在大学里以后创业，他们应该做些什么。你认为人们在创业之前应该做些什么。你对此有什么看法吗？我只是在说，如果人们以后想创业，他们应该做什么。你认为人们在创业之前应该做什么。你对此有看法吗？

\[00:10:52\] Well I you know whether or not they\'re in college for me
really doesn\'t matter because there are founders who didn\'t go to
college at all. Are founders who went to some of college and dropped out
and then there some that went all the way through college Larry and
Serguei went all the way through college and dropped out of the JD
program at Stanford.

[00：10：52]你知道他们是否在上大学对我来说并不重要，因为有一些创始人根本没有上过大学，有一些创始人上过一些大学，退学了，还有一些通过大学一直读到大学，然后从斯坦福大学的JD项目退学了。

\[00:11:17\] So I don\'t think it\'s about where you\'re at. I think
it\'s about when when the idea comes in your mind that compelling idea
that aha moment that says this is it.

[00：11：17]所以我不认为这是关于你所处的位置。我认为它是关于当你的想法出现在你脑海中的那个令人信服的想法，那一刻，它说的就是它。

\[00:11:31\] This is a company and it\'s usually based around a personal
experience where where you have that aha moment and you\'re so motivated
by it and taken by it that if you\'re not in school or if you\'re in
school it doesn\'t matter you stop what you\'re doing and go pursue that
idea.

[00：11：31]这是一家公司，它通常以个人经历为基础，在这种经历中，你拥有这样的时刻，你被它所激励，被它所占据，以至于如果你不在学校，或者你在学校，那么你停止你正在做的事情并去追求这个想法并不重要。

\[00:11:52\] So what you want to do is you want to set yourself up so
you have these aha moments these personal experiences correct you and
you could almost be anywhere for that to happen.

[00：11：52]所以你想要做的是设置好自己，这样你就有了这些啊哈时刻，这些个人经历对你来说是正确的，你几乎在任何地方都能做到这一点。

\[00:12:02\] I mean for Chad Hurley and Steve Chen they were at a dinner
party took a video and found out that there was no easy way to upload
that video and just share it with the other guests with Zach. It was
like I don\'t want to go through the physical hard copy Facebook at
Harvard. Why can\'t that just be on my computer. And then 10 years later
why can\'t that be on my phone. Yeah. So you know Shawn Fanning his
roommate wanted to share songs with other people in his dorm. So Shawn
Fanning hacked together a music sharing app.

[00：12：02]我的意思是，对于查德·赫利和史蒂夫·陈来说，他们参加了一个晚宴，拍了一段视频，发现上传这段视频并不容易，只是和扎克分享。就像我不想翻阅哈佛大学的硬拷贝Facebook。为什么不能只在我的电脑上这么做呢？10年后，为什么不能在我的手机上呢？是的。所以你知道，他的室友肖恩·范宁(Shawn Fning)想和宿舍里的其他人分享歌曲。所以肖恩·范宁(Shawn Fning)黑了一款音乐分享应用。

\[00:12:42\] So it\'s it\'s based around a need and an idea in all that
creates the huge companies in all the cases you mentioned the need was
the founders own need. Absolutely.

[00：12：42]所以它是建立在一个需求和一个想法的基础上，在所有的情况下创造了大公司，在你提到的所有情况下，需要是创建者自己的需要。绝对的。

\[00:12:54\] All the biggest companies are based on a founder who had a
need hacked it together and then said hey wait a minute other people
probably want this and then and then they start to grow on their own.

[00：12：54]所有的大公司都是建立在一位创始人的基础上的，他需要把它合并起来，然后说，嘿，等等，其他人可能想要这样，然后他们就开始自己成长了。

\[00:13:10\] Notice what you said. The realization that other people
might want it comes afterwards correct. So it really it\'s not even
supposed to be for other people in the beginning. Yeah yeah a lot of it
is serendipity.

[00：13：10]注意你说的话。意识到别人可能想要它，这是事后正确的。所以它在一开始就不应该是为其他人准备的。是的，很多事情都是偶然的。

\[00:13:22\] But once once the serendipity phase gets over then you need
to start thinking about product market fit you know who is the customer
for this. It\'s all about users which is why why see is so successful is
once you come up with the idea then why mantra is well how do you how do
you how do you find users who also want this product.

[00：13：22]但是一旦偶然的阶段过去了，你需要开始考虑产品市场的适合性，你知道谁是这方面的客户。这一切都是关于用户的，这就是为什么See是如此成功的原因是，一旦你想出了这个想法，那么为什么咒语是好的呢？你怎么找到同样想要这个产品的用户呢？

\[00:13:47\] Because unless you create a market there is no need for the
product.

[00：13：47]因为除非你创造一个市场，否则就不需要这个产品。

\[00:13:51\] When you look at startups and you\'re thinking of investing
in them do you care a lot about the story about how they started working
on the idea.

[00：13：51]当你看到初创公司，你在考虑投资它们时，你会非常关心他们是如何开始研究这个想法的。

\[00:13:59\] I absolutely do. I mean I think the more compelling and
personal story is the more excited I get about the company early on even
though I don\'t know you know whether or not it\'s going to be a huge
huge company. But what I\'ve said it probably to a lot of people in this
room one of the first questions I ask is what inspired you to start the
company and it is an inspiration.

[00：13：59]我绝对相信。我的意思是，尽管我不知道这家公司是否会成为一家大公司，但我认为，我对这家公司的早期兴趣越大，就越能吸引人。但我可能对这间屋子里的很多人说了这句话-我首先问的问题之一是，是什么激励了你创办这家公司，这是一种激励。

\[00:14:27\] You know when it goes in your head you are inspired by it
and then and then you are driven by it.

[00：14：27]你知道，当它进入你的脑海时，你会受到它的鼓舞，然后你就会被它所驱使。

\[00:14:37\] So do you also care a lot about the story about how the
founding team. Do you hear tension to that.

[00：14：37]那么，你也很关心创建团队的故事吗？你听到那种紧张的声音了吗。

\[00:14:44\] Yes. Very very important to understand how you as I said
before most companies have a couple of founders and it\'s very important
to know how those two founders met how they interact with each other.
Remember when we first meet them it\'s usually two or three people and
I\'m always watching how they interact. If one person starts answering
the other person\'s question then interrupts them a lot you know ding
ding ding. The warning signal those two founders from aren\'t going to
get along forever and they\'re probably right now fighting about who\'s
going to be the CEO when in the early days it doesn\'t matter who the
CEO is it matters if you can find users and you have a compelling
product.

[00：14：44]是。就像我之前说过的，非常重要的是要了解你是如何拥有两位创始人的，而且非常重要的是要知道这两位创始人是如何相遇的，他们是如何相互交流的。记得当我们第一次见到他们的时候，通常是两三个人，我总是在观察他们是如何互动的。如果一个人开始回答另一个人的问题，那就打断他们很多，你知道丁仃。这两位创始人发出的警告信号是，他们不会永远相处下去，他们现在可能正在为谁会成为CEO而争吵，而在最初的日子里，谁是CEO并不重要，重要的是你能否找到用户，你是否拥有一款引人注目的产品。

\[00:15:31\] So how can these people be they. They\'re interested in
starting startups. How how can they find potential co founders when they
have someone they\'re thinking of starting a company with. Watch what
sort of filter should they. How should they apply. How can they tell if
this person would make a good co-founder.

[00：15：31]那么这些人怎么可能是他们呢？他们对创业很感兴趣。当他们有一个人想和他们一起创办一家公司的时候，他们怎么能找到潜在的联合创始人呢？看看他们应该用什么样的过滤器。他们应该如何申请。他们如何判断这个人是否会成为一个好的联合创始人。

\[00:15:47\] Well most cofounders you know when I think about this most
cofounders are collaborating and end up coming up with the idea
together.

[00：15：47]好吧，大多数的联合创始人，当我想到这一点的时候，大多数的联合创始人都是合作的，最后一起想出了这个想法。

\[00:16:01\] If you look at Facebook Pinterest Google there\'s there are
two founders for all. Two or three there\'s two founders for all these
companies and they actually come up with the idea together. Yes one of
them is the one that says I feel the need. But the co-founder ends up
being a friend of theirs or a colleague who says Wow I agree with you
and I want to work on that. Wow. I think that\'s goofy and I don\'t want
any part of it. But it\'s the co-founder is usually somebody who shares
like 99 percent of the excitement and inspiration of the person who came
up with the idea.

[00：16：01]如果你看看Facebook，Pinterest，Google，有两个创始人。在所有这些公司中，有两三位创始人，他们实际上是一起想出了这个想法。是的，其中一个是说我觉得需要的人。但这位联合创始人最终成为了他们的朋友或同事，他说：“哇，我同意你的观点，我想在这方面努力。”哇我认为那是愚蠢的，我不想参与其中。但共同创办人通常会分享出这个想法的人99%的兴奋和灵感。

\[00:16:42\] So you don\'t. Chad Hurley and Steve Chen. You don\'t just
want to work on interesting problems. You want to work on interesting
problems with other people.

[00：16：42]所以你不需要查德·赫利和史蒂夫·陈。你不只是想解决有趣的问题，你还想和别人一起解决有趣的问题。

\[00:16:51\] Absolutely it\'s a collaborative process. You know how
excited are you going to get or accomplish something if it\'s just you.

[00：16：51]这绝对是一个协作的过程。你知道，如果只有你，你会多么兴奋地得到或完成某件事。

\[00:17:01\] I mean there are single founder companies out there but
very few.

[00：17：01]我的意思是，有一些单一的创始人公司，但很少。

\[00:17:06\] Why. Why do you think there are so few. Because I can tell
you from looking at Y Combinator applications a huge number of single
founders applying twice maybe half the applications are single founders.
I didn\'t know that. Yeah well no but like they\'re disproportionately
unlikely to get accepted.

[00：17：06]为什么。你觉得为什么这么少。因为我可以告诉你，从Y Combinator应用程序来看，大量的单身创始人申请了两次，也许一半是单身创始人。我不知道。是的，嗯，不知道，但是他们不成比例地不太可能被接受。

\[00:17:24\] Yeah.

[00：17：24]是的。

\[00:17:25\] So. There you go. There you heard it here. You heard it
here.

[00：17：25]所以。给你。你在这里听到了。你在这里听到了。

\[00:17:31\] If you fly to icy there should be two of you but not if
that means like putting something like Craigslist snobbism flying away.
Yeah don\'t do that. It obviously can\'t be forced.

[00：17：31]如果你飞到冰上，应该有你们两个人，但如果这意味着像Craigslist势利主义之类的东西飞走了。是啊，别那么做。显然不能强迫你这么做。

\[00:17:44\] So if you get this idea in your head think about Mark
Zuckerberg or Ben Silverman you know Ben Silverman\'s idea when he
started Pinterest was really obtuse you know where he said I think
people should be using the Internet to discover things and people look
at them like wow.

[00：17：44]如果你脑子里有这个想法，想想马克·扎克伯格(Mark Zuckerberg)或本·西尔弗曼(Ben Silverman)，你知道本·西尔弗曼(Ben Silverman)在他创立Pinterest的时候的想法非常愚蠢，你知道他说过，我认为人们应该利用互联网来发现事物，人们看上去就像哇。

\[00:18:04\] What\'s that about. Well you know I used to collect things
when I was a kid. If you put those collections on the Internet and
enough people put on their collections people start discovering things
that they\'re interested in sound so lame doesn\'t it.

[00：18：04]那是关于什么的。嗯，你知道，我小时候经常收集东西。如果你把这些收藏品放到网上，并且有足够多的人加入他们的收藏，人们就开始发现他们对听起来很无聊的东西，不是吗？

\[00:18:19\] History has proven that it is not. No I know but all the
time so the time it took him forever to get funded.

[00：18：19]历史证明事实并非如此。不，我知道，但是一直以来，他花了很长时间才得到资助。

\[00:18:26\] So what did what did Ben Silverman do. Everyone he talked
to starting with his mother who I think is the biggest spender on earth.
He evangelized his product and talked to anyone he could find and said
What do you think of this. And then you find someone who says Jesus I
think that is awesome. That is so interesting. Can I work with you on
it.

[00：18：26]本·西尔弗曼做了什么？与他交谈的每一个人都是从他母亲开始的，我认为他是世界上花钱最多的人。他传道他的产品，并与任何他能找到的人交谈，并说，你对此有何看法？然后你找到一个说耶稣我觉得很棒的人。太有趣了。我能和你合作吗。

\[00:18:50\] KABUM you have a co-founder. You have somebody as excited
as you are about this brand new neophyte idea.

[00：18：50]KABUM你有一个联合创始人。你有一个和你一样兴奋的人对这个全新的新想法感到兴奋。

\[00:18:59\] All right so if you if you have actually built the thing
with another person that\'s a good sign that they would make a good
co-founder because they have the same credibility as you. So how did
people know when their idea that they\'re so excited about is actually
bad if what if. How can they tell if a lame sounding idea is actually
lame or if it\'s just one of these ideas it sounds lame in the beginning
because it\'s such an outlier.

[00：18：59]好吧，如果你真的和另一个人一起建造了这个东西，那是一个很好的迹象，表明他们会成为一个很好的联合创始人，因为他们和你一样有信誉。那么，人们怎么知道，当他们如此兴奋的想法实际上是坏的，如果。他们怎么能分辨出一个蹩脚的想法到底是站不住脚的，还是仅仅是这些想法中的一个，它在一开始听起来很蹩脚，因为它是如此离奇。

\[00:19:24\] Well yeah I mean you have to be careful about that because
a lot of ideas that seem like they are bad end up being huge. So I think
it\'s about persistence and conviction about your idea.

[00：19：24]嗯，是的，我的意思是，你必须小心，因为很多看起来很糟糕的想法最终都是巨大的。所以我认为这是关于你的想法的坚持和信念。

\[00:19:39\] How can you tell as an investor see these companies as an
age where the idea CEOs still seem OK as an investor.

[00：19：39]当一个投资者看到这些公司时，你怎么知道，作为一个投资者，CEO们的想法似乎还不错。

\[00:19:46\] I cannot tell that all ASV Angel invests in is people so we
end. So yeah we don\'t even know we cannot predict the success or
failure in 40 percent of our investments fail. We think that failure
rates lower than most of the industry but we can\'t tell. So we invest
in the traits of the individual.

[00：19：46]我不知道ASV天使所有的投资都是人，所以我们就结束了。所以是的，我们甚至不知道我们无法预测我们40%的投资的成败。我们认为失败率低于大多数行业，但我们无法判断。所以我们投资于个人的特征。

\[00:20:12\] OK so let\'s talk about specific individuals. BEN SILVERMAN
For example what what traits did he have that made you invest OK.

[00：20：12]好吧，让我们谈谈具体的个人。例如，本·西尔弗曼(Ben Silverman)，他有哪些特质让你投资得很好。

\[00:20:22\] For him it was his rifle focus on the product. Now keep in
mind Reifel focus on the product also applied to Larry Zuck. It you know
Dropbox RVN be it applies to every successful founder is they were
Reifel focused about the product to the point of being rude and a lot of
them get accused of being arrogant because they\'re so focused on the
product because other people say hey will you come to this event or will
you get interviewed by the New York Times and they\'re going like why
would I ever want to do that.

[00：20：22]对他来说，这是他对产品的关注。现在请记住，雷菲尔专注于产品也适用于拉里·扎克。你知道，Dropbox RVN-不管它适用于每一个成功的创始人-他们都把注意力集中在了产品上，他们中的很多人被指责傲慢，因为他们太专注于产品，因为其他人说你会来参加这个活动，或者你会接受“纽约时报”的采访，他们会喜欢我为什么要这么做。

\[00:21:01\] When I can make my product better because guess what. I
went from 10000 users last month to 25000 users and in the next month I
can get it to 50 or 100000 users why would I want anyone to distract me
with anything else. And that focus on the product is what builds huge
companies. And you know it\'s so contagious other people want to come
join your team and help you. But some some of the ones that were
counterintuitive would be like an air b be like they want me to share a
room in my house.

[00：21：01]当我能把我的产品做得更好的时候，你猜怎么着。我从上个月的10000用户增加到了25000用户，在下个月我就可以把它增加到50或100000用户，为什么我想让其他人来分散我的注意力呢？对产品的关注是建立大公司的原因。你知道这很有感染力，其他人想加入你的团队帮助你，但是有些违反直觉的人会像空气一样，就像他们想让我在我的房子里共用一个房间一样。

\[00:21:37\] But the 2008 mortgage crisis in New York helped Air B and B
cause in New York in 2008. There were thousands of people if they
didn\'t rent a room in their house they were going to be foreclosed on.
And that was that was the mushrooming of Air B and B and then lo and
behold they found out that every single person on earth wants to do
this. Yeah it\'s sort of this is a worldwide phenomena.

[00：21：37]但2008年纽约的抵押贷款危机帮助了2008年B和B航空公司在纽约的事业。有成千上万的人，如果他们不租一个房间，他们的房子，他们将被取消赎回权。这是如雨后春笋的空气B，然后你瞧，他们发现地球上每个人都想这样做。是的，这是一种世界性的现象。

\[00:22:05\] Dropbox would be another example. I already have a storage
device. Why. Why would I want to move to the cloud. What\'s that.

[00：22：05]Dropbox是另一个例子。我已经有存储设备了。为什么我为什么要搬到云端去。那是什么？

\[00:22:13\] Do you remember when you first met Drew Housden yes. What
was it about him that you like. What traits.

[00：22：13]你还记得你第一次见到德鲁·豪斯顿的时候吗？是的。你喜欢他是怎么回事。什么特质。

\[00:22:19\] Yeah well shame on me I didn\'t invest in Dropbox right
away.

[00：22：19]是啊，真可惜，我没有马上投资Dropbox。

\[00:22:23\] So I was you know in that case I saw a great entrepreneur
and I sometimes we do get over opinionated about the idea and that is
always a mistake when we do drop Oxenham BMB we love the founders cheese
that idea. The idea is not our job in my opinion. Yeah our job is to
invest in great great founders.

[00：22：23]所以你知道吗，在那种情况下，我看到了一位伟大的企业家，我有时确实会克服对这个想法的固执己见，而当我们放弃奥克森汉姆BMB的时候，这总是一个错误，我们喜欢创始人的想法。在我看来，这个想法不是我们的工作。是的，我们的工作是投资于伟大的创始人。

\[00:22:50\] I know this sounds like an insulting question but it\'s
really interesting you\'ve been doing this for 20 years. Why are you
still making this mistake.

[00：22：50]我知道这听起来像是一个侮辱人的问题，但你这么做20年了，真有意思。你为什么还在犯这个错误呢？

\[00:22:57\] Laughter No I mean it\'s interesting right. There\'s there
must be like this. It\'s really powerful magnet like pulling you off to
the side.

[00：22：57]笑声不，我的意思是它很有趣，对吧。肯定有这样的东西。它是非常强大的磁铁，就像把你拉到一边一样。

\[00:23:05\] It\'s a very risky business. And since the beginning you
knowS.V. Angel kind of invented the portfolio approach to investing. I
always intuitively thought there\'s no way I\'ll ever make the right
decision every time so I\'d rather make the right decision about a
certain market place and then go find the 20 best companies and hope
that one of those wins.

[00：23：05]这是一项非常冒险的业务。从一开始，你就知道S.V.安吉尔发明了一种投资组合方式。我直觉地认为，我不可能每次都做出正确的决定，所以我宁愿对某个市场做出正确的决定，然后去找20家最好的公司，并希望其中一家能赢。

\[00:23:32\] And that strategy ends up you know it\'s a great strategy
when you started you had this little niche market place called the
Internet Internet software.

[00：23：32]这个策略最终你知道这是一个很好的策略，当你开始的时候，你有了一个叫做互联网软件的利基市场。

\[00:23:42\] Right. It was. I\'m not joking.

[00：23：42]对。确实是。我不是在开玩笑。

\[00:23:43\] Back in 1994 when I started this was investing in 1994 Mark
Andriessen had just graduated from the University of Illinois had not
started Netscape but in 1994 I had finished doing three startups and had
dabbled in angel investing and said I want to do this the rest of my
life. I teamed up with Ben Rosen who was then the chairman of Compaq and
we said and we both had plenty of gray hair at the time. We said okay
let\'s go angel invest together. OK what are we going to invest in.
Because we were going to invest in everything and we said let\'s invest.
You said not hardware yet for sure not hard already done that and for
sure not packaged software because I had done that.

1994年，当我开始投资的时候，马克·安德里森刚刚从伊利诺伊大学毕业，并没有创办网景公司，但在1994年，我完成了三家初创公司，并涉足天使投资公司，并说我想在我的余生中这样做。我和当时担任康柏董事长的本·罗森(BenRosen)合作，我们说，当时我们都有很多白发。我们说好的，让我们一起去天使投资。好的，我们要投资什么。因为我们要投资所有的东西，我们说让我们投资。你说过硬件还没有很难做到，而且肯定没有打包软件，因为我已经做过了。

\[00:24:33\] And we said let\'s invest in this thing called the Internet
because it it\'s at zero and we can watch it grow and therefore it\'ll
be interesting and exciting and 20 years later that is all we\'re doing
Internet software.

[00：24：33]我们说，让我们投资于这个叫做互联网的东西，因为它是零的，我们可以看到它的成长，因此它将是有趣和令人兴奋的，20年后，这就是我们所做的所有互联网软件。

\[00:24:54\] So I notice the words you\'re using here you haven\'t
mentioned anything about money.

[00：24：54]所以我注意到你在这里使用的单词，你没有提到任何关于钱的事情。

\[00:25:00\] I think that that you mean making money or because you\'re
investors everybody thinks investors are like in it for the money.

[00：25：00]我认为你是指赚钱，或者因为你是投资者，每个人都认为投资者是为了钱而投资的。

\[00:25:08\] Right.

[00：25：08]对。

\[00:25:09\] Well I my view.

[00：25：09]我的看法。

\[00:25:11\] I\'m in it because I love meeting great founders helping
them and watching them be successful. I get to meet people. I get to
meet these founders before they\'re famous. And there is nothing more
satisfying than giving advice to Mark Zuckerberg to Ben Silverman or
Larry Page in the first two years of their existence and then watching
them fly watching this rocket just like sitting watch the rocket ship
take off and say wow I was part of that.

[00：25：11]我之所以参与其中，是因为我喜欢见到伟大的创始人，帮助他们，看着他们成功。我要去见人。我要在这些创始人成名之前认识他们。没有什么比马克·扎克伯格(Mark Zuckerberg)在他们出生的头两年里给本·西尔弗曼(Ben Silverman)或拉里·佩奇(Larry Page)提供建议更让人满意的了，然后看着他们飞起来，看着这枚火箭，就像坐在那里看着火箭飞船起飞，然后说哇

\[00:25:47\] I I I I put the first gas in the gas tank of that company.
So I think money fame fortune notoriety.

[00：25：47]我在那家公司的储气罐里放了第一批汽油。所以我觉得金钱、名利、财富都是声名狼藉。

\[00:25:59\] That\'s all byproducts of of working your ass off.

[00：25：59]那都是你拼命工作的副产品。

\[00:26:04\] You know I noticed a similarity between the way you operate
and what you look for in founders. Right. The founders aren\'t in it for
the money either. They\'re just trying to make this amazing product and
the company\'s success as a byproduct. Right. You just Lig are super
into these founders and ASV angel investing and all these companies with
the biproduct.

[00：26：04]你知道，我注意到了你的经营方式和你在创始人身上寻找的东西之间的相似之处。右（边），正确的创始人们也不是为了钱。他们只是想让这个令人惊叹的产品和公司作为副产品的成功。对。你就是喜欢这些创始人和ASV天使投资公司，以及所有这些双产品公司。

\[00:26:22\] And that\'s that\'s why we all like each other. Yeah. It\'s
so even though when they get an e-mail say much of them.

[00：26：22]这就是我们都喜欢对方的原因。是的。即使他们收到一封电子邮件，也会说很多。

\[00:26:28\] But but we have we are kindred spirits does it help you
think as an investor to have been a founder yourself.

[00：26：28]但是，我们有着相似的精神，作为一个投资者，你认为自己是一个创立者，这对你有帮助吗？

\[00:26:38\] For sure for sure because because I know how hard it is.

[00：26：38]肯定是因为我知道这有多难。

\[00:26:44\] So if I hadn\'t founded a company myself I wouldn\'t feel
like I had as much credibility.

如果不是我自己创立了一家公司，我就不会觉得自己有那么多的可信度了。

\[00:26:51\] Well I\'m more does it help you pick people because you
were literally looking for kindred spirit.

[00：26：51]我更能帮你挑选人，因为你真的是在寻找同类的灵魂。

\[00:26:56\] Yes yes it does yes it does because because you can say hey
will this person work 24/7. Is this person a good communicator or will
they follow through so here\'s a question.

[00：26：56]是的，因为你可以说，这个人会全天候工作吗？这个人是一个很好的沟通者，还是他们会坚持到底？这里有个问题。

\[00:27:10\] If someone if a founder was going to fool other investors
but not fool you because you had been a founder yourself and you could
recognize kindred spirits. What would this founder be like. What are the
kinds of founders that would fool other investors but not fool you. What
do you not fall for.

[00：27：10]如果一个人，如果一个创始人要愚弄其他投资者，而不是愚弄你，因为你自己也是一个创立者，你就能认出那些志同道合的人。这位创始人会是什么样子。什么样的创始人会愚弄其他投资者，却不会愚弄你。你为什么不喜欢。

\[00:27:30\] Well I\'m going to go back to the to the to the focus on
the product. I see.

[00：27：30]好吧，我要回到对产品的关注上，我明白了。

\[00:27:35\] And so if they don\'t care a little too much about the
product correct then that that\'s a warning sign that that trait 10 year
ok I\'ve been doing this for 20 years.

[00：27：35]如果他们不太在意产品的正确性，那就是一个警告信号，这个特征10年了，好吧，我已经这么做了20年了。

\[00:27:48\] That trait didn\'t start pinging in my brain until like 10
years ago. And then five years ago it became an alarm be it could be
because a lot of it probably Ben Silverman a similar one was probably
the tipping point where that\'s all he cared about. And then from
pattern recognition I said wow that\'s all Larry cared about. That\'s
all Jack Dorsey cared about. The and that\'s all Steve Jobs care and
that\'s all.

[00：27：48]这种特质直到10年前才开始在我的大脑中跳动。五年前，它变成了一个警钟，可能是因为很多事情，可能是本·西尔弗曼(BenSilverman)-一个类似的人-可能是他唯一关心的临界点。然后从模式识别我说，哇，这就是拉里所关心的。这就是杰克？多尔西所关心的。这都是史蒂夫·乔布斯所关心的，仅此而已。

\[00:28:22\] Yeah that\'s that\'s all these great people care about.
It\'s focus focus on the product. There\'s a guy at Pinterest Tim
Kendall. I hope he has a hundred of these shirts because he wears the
same shirt every single day of the year.

[00：28：22]是的，这是所有伟大的人所关心的。这是对产品的关注。Pinterest Tim Kendall有个人。我希望他有100件这样的衬衫，因为他一年中每天都穿同样的衬衫。

\[00:28:35\] He\'s the head of product there and it\'s a circle with the
word focus and even when they have outside visitors who are like super
important he will walk into the room with his focus T-shirt. And he\'s
not taking it off.

[00：28：35]他是那里产品的领头羊，它是一个圆圈，上面写着“焦点”这个词，即使他们有外部访客，他们觉得自己非常重要，他也会带着他的焦点T恤走进房间。他不会把它脱下来的。

\[00:28:53\] But boy does that count.

[00：28：53]但那小子算不算。

\[00:28:59\] OK. So you might think like you\'re trying to start a
startup he\'s trying to start a business you should be business like.
Right. And the lesson here is really you should focus almost too much on
the actual product.

[00：28：59]好的。所以，你可能会想，就像你在尝试创业一样，他试图创业，你应该像他一样创业。对。这里的教训是，你应该把太多的精力放在实际的产品上。

\[00:29:11\] Yeah because if you focus on the product obviously the only
way to measure success of the product is users and you will keep
tweaking that product until user growth starts to explode and then you
jump for joy and go for billions of them.

[00：29：11]是的，因为如果你把注意力集中在产品上，那么衡量产品成功的唯一方法就是用户，你会不断调整该产品，直到用户的增长开始膨胀，然后你就会高兴地跳起来，争取数十亿的用户。

\[00:29:32\] So you focus on the product and the business follows
correct. Okay.

[00：29：32]所以你把注意力集中在产品上，企业就会遵循正确的原则。好的。

\[00:29:39\] So what do young founders specifically get get wrong when
they start companies if you if you see a young founder and you think oh
my god that\'s such a newb mistake.

[00：29：39]如果你看到一位年轻的创始人，而你认为哦，我的天哪，这是一个新的错误，那么当年轻的创始人创办公司的时候，他们有什么特别的错误呢？

\[00:29:51\] These guys are you know these guys look promising but
they\'re so young they\'re doing X right.

[00：29：51]这些家伙，你知道这些家伙看起来很有前途，但是他们太年轻了，他们做得很好。

\[00:29:55\] What do young founders do wrong.

[00：29：55]年轻的创始人做错了什么。

\[00:30:00\] I think it would be lying to yourself after you know
you\'ve prototyped the products in the marketplace.

[00：30]我认为当你知道你在市场上制作了产品的原型之后，你就会自欺欺人。

\[00:30:12\] It\'s not getting traction it\'s not admitting that guess
what it\'s not working. And it\'s great if the founder says Hey stop
stop. Stop the train. This this idea is not working. What we need to do
to make this idea work because success is binary. You are either
successful or you\'re not. Your product is getting traction or it\'s
not. It\'s not getting traction. The sooner you admit that and start
doing things about it the better off everybody\'s going to be.

[00：30：12]它没有得到牵引，它不承认你猜什么不起作用。如果创始人说“停下来”，那就太好了。把火车停下来。这个想法行不通。我们需要做些什么才能让这个想法奏效，因为成功是二元的。你要么成功要么不成功。你的产品是否受到了牵引力？没有牵引力。你越早承认这一点，并开始做这件事，每个人都会更好。

\[00:30:47\] So they\'re too prone to remain in denial. Correct. And
when they get older they\'ve learned to realize this warning signs of
denial.

[00：30：47]所以他们太容易拒绝。没错。当他们长大后，他们已经学会了这一否定的警告信号。

\[00:30:58\] It\'s true in many domains actually. So just just being
honest with yourself.

[00：30：58]这在很多领域都是真实的，所以要对自己诚实。

\[00:31:04\] What\'s funny is your team will recognize it and admit it
before you. But of course they would never discuss it with you. So when
you say hey guess what you call everybody in and have a come to Jesus
meeting and say this is not working. Everyone in the room in their heads
is going oh my god.

[00：31：04]有趣的是，你的团队会意识到这一点，并在你面前承认这一点。但他们当然不会和你讨论这件事。所以当你说嗨，猜猜你叫每个人来参加耶稣会议，说这不管用。每个人脑子里的人都在想哦，我的天啊。

\[00:31:24\] The founder knows this is awesome.

[00：31：24]创始人知道这很棒。

\[00:31:28\] This is awesome. Now we\'re a team. Now we can go do
something about it. And the founder thinks morale is going to go down as
a result of this meeting when in fact morale explodes because the team
says Jeezy\'s were in trouble.

[00：31：28]这太棒了。现在我们是一个团队了。现在我们可以做点什么了。这位创始人认为，由于这次会议，士气会下降，而事实上，士气会暴涨，因为团队说，天哪有麻烦了。

\[00:31:47\] But we all know we\'re in trouble and we\'re all going to
figure it out together. Not the founder by themselves trying to figure
it out.

[00：31：47]但我们都知道我们有麻烦了，我们都会一起解决的，而不是创办人自己想办法解决的。

\[00:31:55\] You know what that reminds me reminds me of what happens
when you fire somebody you remain in denial about it for a long time.
Yes. And you finally do it and you fire them and you think morale is
going to go down and actually everybody is delighted because they know
this morale goes up.

[00：31：55]你知道这会让我想起当你解雇某人时会发生什么事，你很长一段时间都在否认这件事。是最后，你解雇了他们，你认为士气会下降，实际上每个人都很高兴，因为他们知道士气会上升。

\[00:32:10\] I would say firings and layoffs you know if if you\'re
running low on money you have to face the fact and you have to lay
people off. Well when you lay people off that is not a good thing for
the people getting laid off. But for the people who are remaining in
your company they are saying wow my founder is here to survive. And so
we\'re not just going to spend the money to go out of business. And when
you lay people off you tend to lay off the deadwood you know and when
Deadwood leaves a company morale explodes because the remaining people
say wow we\'re not wasting money on them anymore. I can work harder and
take all those people\'s place.

[00：32：10]我会说解雇和裁员，你知道的，如果你的钱少了，你必须面对事实，你必须裁员。嗯，当你裁员的时候，这对被解雇的人来说不是件好事。但对于那些留在你公司的人来说，他们是在说哇，我的创始人是来生存的。所以我们不打算把钱花在破产上。而当你裁员的时候，你就会把枯木裁掉，当死木离开公司的时候，士气就会猛增，因为剩下的人会说，哇，我们不会再在他们身上浪费钱了。我可以更努力地工作，取代那些人的位置。

\[00:33:00\] I just want to pause for a moment. Is there anybody back
there this clock here says 25. Does that mean we are already.

[00：33：00]我只想停一会儿。后面有人吗这个钟上写着二十五号。这是否意味着我们已经。

\[00:33:07\] Hello Jessica. Are we over. Is that what that 25 means.

[00：33：07]你好，杰西卡。我们结束了吗。那25是这个意思吗。

\[00:33:16\] Okay uprighted someone should be waving frantically. We
just got so excited talking about this stuff. All right. There\'s a lot
to talk about. Is there anything else we should talk about because
we\'re already over.

[00：33：16]好吧，站起来的人应该疯狂地挥手。我们只是很兴奋地谈论这件事。好的有很多话要说，还有什么我们应该谈的，因为我们已经结束了。

\[00:33:32\] Hopefully you have gotten something out of this. I\'ll be
talking to Rob.


[00：33：32]希望你从这件事中得到了些什么。我要和罗伯谈谈。

